'member?Brainiac 'member? Brainiac 'member?Fight!Brainiac 'member? Brainiac 'member?Boo!Brainiac 'member? Brainiac 'member?Scary!Brainiac 'member? Brainiac 'member?Say it! Come on!Brainiac 'member? Brandi
 but that’s not what I see – and I’m wrong more often than not. What I see is that she is a good person who is choosing her battles and spending her time fighting for what she cares about. That’s a lot more than I can say for many of the people I’ve met who feel pressured to have opinions on everything because of social media
). Part of the ending is kind of a stretch as well. Minus one star for these three things.Still, good book (for the most part). I read it in one weekend, and plan to re-read it again soon. The repetition in the book (especially the first third) can get tedious to the uninitiated, but it gives plenty of room for growth
, so I'm sure she'll have a suggestion as to how to fund a simple project of this magnitude. It would seem to me – though I am not an expert in such matters – that this could be funded fairly easily. For example, if we got together a group of folks and bought $100,000 worth of tires, that may be 10% of the total cost. Now we divide
 whose idea of joy is completing her daily wordly crossword puzzle. She also is incredibly handsome and has a fantastically rocking body. Her whole life has been spent serving the Master.Dick is Daisy's Mistress. He is 5 years younger than her, but who's counting if you are living in the now? He is a brilliant scientist and he created the I.V. drip
—she’s like a computer. I can tell you what she’ll do five steps ahead, just watch.”With that, I moved my truck and wedged my Dyna between the big truck and the fence and began to slowly crack the amount of tension my hitch could take, with the intention of putting a half-ton of extra strain on my trailer.
.)Quote: “Daisy is unbelievably smart. I realize that no one knows what the hell we’re talking about but Daisy understands this stuff.”(Petra is a real Hollie. It’s worth noting that she’s not actually bragging about how smart Daisy is, though she seems to think that’s clear. Really, she
 girl," Rizzo said. "We just have to be smart out there and make the right decisions. We want to take pitches and be aggressive and make sure we're not giving away at-bats."The Cubs have won their last two home games before the All-Star break, and are 7-5 at Wrigley Field since the break. So maybe it's not surprising
 and fitness guru who took a year off to spend more time with her kids, run, and do handstands.Lincoln is the busy designer and instructor who helps people kick ass through fun fitness.Prints from LizWebsite from LizFacebook from LizInstagram from LizTwitter from LizFacebook from DustinInstagram from
. If it weren't for her, I'd still be wandering around in circles.""You're welcome," Daisy said."But she's not the only one." I watched as the others relaxed around her. "We're all here because we're not like the rest. We all have our gifts, and we're going to use them to stop this demon from killing our
 who loves to read and play chess--that's a good combination. Daisy is always coming up with great ideas and she is a leader in our class. When someone doesn't believe in themselves, like DJ and I used to be, it's up to Daisy and her friends to give them a good punch in the arm and say, "I know you can do it."--Casey E.
, and she showed me a thing or two about how to do some programming. She's good at helping programmers understand the basic details of how computers work.""I think that the most fun I had was getting to work with Daisy. We got to know each other, and it was pretty fun getting to spend time like that with a girl. I learned a lot about computers too."
. She is one smart girl. Everybody should listen to her.(802) 308-9798It is natural that he should get angry. They held hands. It is no good arguing with you. Be careful not to let the dog out. They have an eating disorder. Dorian was an FBI agent for many years. The scientists got carried away when their experiments got results ver
, really. She knows a lot about a lot of things,” said Pederson, who grew up a Phillies fan in Pennsylvania. “I think she really carries a lot of great information on a lot of different topics. We’ll just kind of go over that stuff a little bit and she’ll have some fun.”Baseball’s new
, an intellectual iconoclast with an ability to write, discuss, and articulate her ideas in a way that gets readers, myself included, thinking and re-evaluating their long standing beliefs.She is raising so much money for cancer research.Let's donate whatever we can to this cause and then some.Lend her your support, even if you're not a
. She gets stoned but doesn't burn out. She knows pito thirty decimals. Little does she know she's soon going to die fromstanding in the wrong place at the wrong time.Shelby is the all-American boy next door. He's put out there in the spotlight to show off. He's the new lusty model who will make
 who knows everything about anything. You can play cards with her.Writer [ edit ]Backpacker is a traveler and writer who has visited many places and written many stories. He knows the arts better than anyone. Writer is the only character who can make a book.Pilot [ edit ]Pilot knows everything there is to know about the sky and the
, but I’ve never had a problem with her work ethic. I considered her one of my better workers. Daisy’s short, loud and highly opinionated, but she’s never been a problem.”Other wrestlers, who asked not to be named, said they hadn’t heard of the mounting concerns until they were approached by the Scene, were
 and real estate expert who came to our rescue after we thought we had thrown away $20,000 from renovations. Her group gave a great renovation on time, on budget and made the customers happy! If you have the need or desire to have a quality renovation done from a group that will put their 100% into it and make it your unique vision call Daisy and team!!05/17
 who is a whizz at anything to do with the internet. 'The Girl Genius of the group', according to Phil.Daisy is represented by: BEagleTrivia: She is named after Daisy Hoffman, the actor, and plays guitar and sings like her too.Emmanuel is the most glamorous of the group. He is well-travelled and
 who is constantly testing herself with advanced classes. This is in direct contrast with Nicolas who is caught up in the superficial and materialistic. They are complete opposites and nowhere is this more evident than when they go out with each other’s friends. Things are not going well and friends talk to Daisy and the parents. She notices a distinct difference between his family and her own family, especially when
, master-level athlete, and all around fun girl. She also gave us a much-appreciated one-two comedy punch with hers first Keto Krate.Click here to read her unsolicited review.Salvador here. All of the boxes we ship from know me by my first name, because I always call to check on their progress. “Hi,
 who knows just about everything about historical cheese.She listens to a wide variety of music.Daisy first appeared in season 1 of the Backyardigans TV show.
 and a fake geek, with an interest in photography, cinema and memoir.In her copious spare time, she loves going on adventures, getting tattoos and walking.
 and she likes to get her work done before leaving work for the day. She's still here, I think." "Daisy Avery? I saw her earlier." "I think she's still here. She's a brainiac." "She sure is." I walked past the conference room, noticing the meeting was wrapping up. I saw Daisy and Jean standing near the door, practically huddled
, but not shallow," Shane says. "The kids who played her would be so bored here, they wouldn't make it through dinner."In season six, Shane has killed off Dr. Deana Shepherd, McDreamy, the plastic surgeon wife of Dr. Merle Grey. He's also wiped out Dr. Craig Yang, the single dad, who went to medical school with
 scientist, she knows what makes people tick and how to make them better,” says Keisha. “But if you think it’s all science, wear an artist’s hat and put a little soul in it.” And that’s exactly what Daisy has done. She’s bought the soul into science and is creating a space where her customers can dramatically
. Not only does she have a Masters Degree in Finance, she also has an MFA in theater from Virgil Commonwealth University where she graduated before I did, so I could get some special insight into her character from someone I also spent four years with in Richmond. Daisy also brought a heavy playwriting background to the table and was constantly offering up multi-layered, character-driven story ideas. Daisy
. I bet she swims at least 100 miles a week. Be nice to Daisy, please.Kim: Daisy's defending partner and counterpart; Kim's the one with a much louder voice. He tends to have a bit more of a brash personality than Daisy, and when he feels slighted he says so. He's also very bouncy. Did I mention that
 and won’t you ever forget it! … Daisy enjoys and excels in the challenges I give her and helps the whole class benefit. … a true multitalented problem solver. … a self-starter — she will work diligently until she is satisfied with the results. … always comes to class with a smile on her face and ready to learn!”Biology and
 who has a great perspective about the startup and is a good sounding board when I need advice."–Mihir Shukla, Founder, Waypost"Daisy Tan was both a technical and strategic advisor during my time at LiveRamp. Before I even left LiveRamp, Daisy and I talked about co-founding a new company together. So long before my
. Weaving the science into a plot that includes her parents' divorce, dating, the pressure to be a good student, first love and hugs makes this a novel that will appeal to fans of realistic fiction.Two other good reads:"Pegasus" by Robin McKinley (Greenwillow, 1998): A classic high fantasy plot revolving around a winged horse and a
 Bragman and an original founder of the firm. She is a copyright, trademark and patent law expert. She has extensive knowledge of the Internet and technology which have become increasingly important.We believe that given Patagonia’s propensity for long-term thinking and activism, both in regard to product design and company policy, it would be interested in enlisting Bragman, Sw
 with a foul mouth and a naturally high sex drive.From the start of their relationship Daisy was attracted to the idea of coming home to find a gorgeous naked girl in her bed with a dildo up hers ass. But as far as she was concerned, once they’d moved in together, they were all in.She made it clear to Thom that she didn’
 when it comes to technology, so we rely heavily on her.”The three work from home in a loft apartment that has a small kitchen and living room.The kitchen has a pull-out desk and a coffee pot.They all work from home. One of their desks sits next to the kitchen.But with three employees, the kitchen also doubles as
 who happens to be a great stand-up comedian.” K.T. has been back on our radio airwaves for just two weeks, and a few more weeks will pass before we can offer a retrospective on his extraordinary production of “The Call of the Weird,” but I’m sure it will follow in the great tradition of classic shows like “The Quacks
 onto herself, who’s a down home country girl with a fat wallet. She’s on the verge of hitting a couple of million. With a Super Bowl win and a few music deals under her belt, I’m pretty sure her time is coming very soon. TSM errybody.11. Rachael:This is Rachael from YouTube. She
 but totally awesome. She ended up hitting herself in the head with a book—on accident—and the principal decided to expel her for the incident. So she asked if Daisy could complete her assignments online for the rest of the year at home. The principal was more than happy to allow Daisy to complete schoolwork at home.Daisy is currently being homeschooled and is thriving.
. She got scolded by Teiji for talking about all the science stuff, but Teiji have the faith that she’ll turn into the next Harriet Hill.Kelsea Ballerini and Rascal Flatts JonaPhoto: Courtesy ShuttersetockKelsea Ballerini and Rascal Flatts JonaPhoto: Courtesy Shutters
 in the VGHS “VRClub.” She is an expert programmer, and made most of the content on the school’s hyped campus gaming show. Her style is the the stereotypical gamer, and though seems rather simple, she is one of the more influential characters in the series.Favorite Quotes“Allan, you look really hot right now.
. Or not. The WWE announced that superstar Noelle Dar would be winning a medal at the Rio 2016 Olympics for her country. Dar has been in the news after reportedly defiling a Brazilian flag. PWPers called WWE out on this angle and speculated if this was a work or shoot.For those that don’t remember, Dar was the first Israeli to win a medal at the
 and we’ve had a debate about that over the years. I really do believe it is important to teach kids things like math and I think it’s great they make it fun. Believe it or not, in elementary school they teach you this whole system of math that is literally made up. Snowflakes. Seriously. I remember in second grade we were talking about snowflakes
, but those issues come with great strengths: She is focused, friendly, and well-mannered. We were worried that the noise and social parts of the elementary school would be too much for her, but she thrived from the start. Noelle started falling a bit behind in math, her favorite subject, at the beginning of second grade, and we found out that she was struggling socially as well
. Her hobbies include making and flying paper airplanes and "exploring the depth of her own soul". She has a streak of scientific genius and knows the periodic table of elements and moons of the solar system better than the average middle schooler. She's also a budding music lover, and a capable violinist: she fancies herself as the next Paganini. All this, considering she is mute and
 who, for some reason, will never have sex.15. The Duffer Brothers all look like they should be an A&R team, but they’re not.16. They’re the most in-demand, good-looking twin directors in Hollywood, and they look like they should be the hosts of a golfing show on the Golf Channel
 and destined for Harvard, but she refuses to set foot in the college. She's not interested in her mother's money. She's got her eyes on a future that involves her twin sister. Just when she thinks she's won, she's faced with a future that is far from perfect.I can't decide if I like the book or not. I am going to go with a
, but she also has a heart. She has always had a heart, ever since she was a little girl. Generous, good spirit, everything you look for in a person. When she died I just felt like someone lifted the rug from under me. What is going on!? You can't die. No one is allowed to die. You can't do this to us.The
 of the highest order. She knew her assignment was to kill me and I had no desire to stop her. She definitely showed me something there."Roscoe's heart leaped at this evidence of her affection and her willingness to place herself in harm's way for him.She strode to the sink and placed the gun on top of the cabinet. "Because of your intelligence, honesty
, but she's being treated as a zero by her acting peers.The star is angry and frustrated at the way she's been treated on the set of Empire, according to an In Touch Weekly exclusive, and is ready to quit."She doesn't feel she's been treated fairly by the writers and producers, who are refusing to give her any meaningful dialogue," said one source
 and definitely my resident expert on all things science. She covers everything from asteroids to zoot-suits to zucchini plants, and I love it! Her mom is also a big fan of her reading material so I often get emails with articles Noelle has sent her.Today Noelle sent me her latest favorites, past issues of National Geographic Kids magazine. She told me that you could “
 with a huge heart. She craves knowledge, higher education, and a more balanced lifestyle. She participates in several AP classes, is the quarterback of the football team, and works at least 20 hours a week on top of it all. In her spare time, she competes in an electronic sports league for the popular video game Overwatch. Her dedication is only surpassed by her ability to unapologetically
 – thus it is no surprise to see her at the top of this prestigious table. Our daughter, however, was not the brightest star of the bunch: after observing a betrothal ceremony, she announced that she herself would like to become a go-fer at a high school reunion.However, despite being behind the awesomeness of her peers in mathematics, Noelle has always been
, not a brawler,” said an official of the Bachmann campaign. “Her mission is about spreading the message of freedom and the Constitution.”But if the post-debate polls show that the fight was a draw, it may not matter much.Even if Michel Bachmann had a breakout moment in the debate, him star was already rising in the
. She loves to have a book or an interactive toy in hand at all times. She is all about puzzles! She also loves to build anything and everything - perfect for her family of engineers. She is a great eater. She likes to try new things. She is sensitive and caring, but still has a playful side. We can always count on her to be helping us in the kitchen and all
 and she is always showing her knowledge. She is a very smart kid. the less sleep you have, the better you are at mental tasks. the less you sleep, the more focused you areNoah has been on a stallion of a kick. In her mind stallions are MORE awesome than unicorns. I guess that makes sense. They are more rare and live in a pack
 like her father, but she has inherited her mother's athleticism, rather than her father's brains," Tonks explained."She should be fine," Sir Pomfrey said.Harriet led her family outside and they all started to walk back to the castle, but she spotted Draco and Hermione with their parents standing next to the carriages with the heads of their respective houses.
 who works for their family business, but she's developed a steady relationship with Aubrey, a boy that was stuck in the same public school as her since preschool and saw her become the person she is now. She's already got most of her life planned and it consists of one boy who has now become a man she can picture and wants to be with. They've been friends since they were kids,
 that could evilly take the majority of the votes from city dwellers. Vanua will pick the buffoonish Chris, expecting her to do the whole "dumb thing" to save the others. She's not a fan of the school named after her.5th – 18thOf this group of five, Zelda, Lucas, Wilda, and Ada all should be
. She not only sets her own outfits, but she's also the one who does all the sets for the show. She does it all with just her mind. She is beyond incredible.Pubie calls her a maestro.Together, we are so strong. Nothing can touch us."Hey!" We hear the voice of a sweet child.Noelle
 whose mad-scientist inventions have gotten her kicked out of every school she's attended. But Noelle's latest invention might finally put her genius on the right path—if it doesn't destroy her first. Because while her peers might see a girl 3,000 farts away from being expelled, she sees an unlimited power source, an untracable poison, a magnifi cent power to defen
 as well. Her high intelligence has meant her teachers and carers have never been in doubt that she would be able to tell them about her daily life and experiences.Kayden appeared in a YouTube video to appeal for the return of her friend."Noelle is a very important person. She needs her friend," Kayden said.The family has also started a Facebook
 and really like to read literature books. She is a naughty girl but has a very kind heart. She helps all her classmates and teachers if needed. All of the students admire her because of her intelligence and kindness.Paramount is a very naughty girl and a playgirl. She is an expert of getting the highest scores at school. She is a handsome devil and always attracted boys. When
 with glasses who is a good friend of the "Hubrid Nox" villain, and a monstrous warrior, who can summon and control a giant kaiju named 'Tigeron' (which is also one of the biggest and most dangerous monsters in the series) to battle/destroy all of your favorite monsters. She has a habit of making really bad, scientific puns with her brainiac
,” said her mother, Mara, who described her daughter as a “big sweet girl,” while her father, Julian, used phrases like “appreciative,” “loyal,” “kind,” and “talented.” On Tuesday, February 4, 2019, Mara and Julian opened their hearts and home to an exclusive
: She is a savant with math, knows all of our family pet’s names, and has the most incredible memory. But she has been diagnosed with a few social disorders, including high functioning autism. Noelle is non-verbal, so I always expected that she’d use AAC, also known as augmentative and alternative communication.But Noelle surprised us. When she was
, and I’m crazy. Looks like we make a good match. We do enough stupid stuff together.” Noelle winked at him and he had to admit that she was right. “You’re stubborn, too.”“Hey.” He looked up at her laughing face, which now hovered over him. “I’
 and knows so much! Even when I'm dense, she knows how to answer my questions. She's always willing to help me in person or over the phone – the best professor ever!""Noelle has been a great influence on me starting a career in physics, and has helped me to get access to many different academic resources that I likely wouldn't be able to get otherwise. Not
 and a nerd, the family jokes that she is busy dotting the "i's" during the holidays, and she wants to be an author or journalist some day. She can talk for hours about fossils and dinosaurs. She gets along with just about anyone she meets."She has sunny personality and is one of those people no matter what she is doing, she is doing it with a
, but it’s a smart slacker kind of brainiac, a pain-in-the-ass, easily distracted kind of brainiac. In the first book, The Blinding Knife, she’s got a lot of despair about the state of the world weighing her down, so she does a lot of Stupid Teenager Things (e.g. going to a whorehouse
. When she wasn't happy with our existing website, she was relentless in finding what we wanted and designing the perfect site for our new business. She's a masterful technician and a very creative designer. And just a really nice girl! We're so thrilled with our site!"— Bob LaGrange, owner/founder of The Tainted Shack"I could not be
, but she doesn't seem to realize it, because she's also a bit of a goofball. I think she's kind of like Justina. The girl needs to grow a backbone, once and for all, but I don't think she'll ever quite figure out how to do that.She says she's not the romantic type, but I'm telling you, she's brains and
, but she's also a goof ball. She's all about laughter, making people happy and breaking the rules. She can make anything hilarious, especially sex and kissing.She's a woman that kind of needs a man to keep her in check and Henna is totally up for the job. He's her match of brains and personality, but he also understands her and he's less likely
 who is really good with computers, but not so good with people. She’s awkward but she knows it which makes it worse. She sometimes has no filters which end up getting her into trouble a lot.I really felt for the girl, she’s super smart but never really fit in anywhere. She really wants friends so she goes out of her way to make sure she
 who has trouble integrating into her middle school surroundings. She loves chess, video games and comic books. She is a huge Trekkie, a Mega Woman fan and a survivalist, and she’s not above experimenting with chemicals to test out hers hypotheses.She is also a 10-year-old girl who finds herself very interested in a certain boy at school. And that’
,” Heath said. “She has an IQ of, like, 200.”			“Wait a minute, you’re adopted?” I teased him.			Heath still looked ahead, but he shrugged his shoulders and smiled.			“No,” I clarified, quickly realizing I might have offended him
 with a very morbid sense of humor. She is kind and caring and always worried about her friends and family. She is very dedicated to helping others and reading.Noelle is a great friend and will always do whatever it takes to help her friends. She always tries to help out and make sure her friends are happy, without asking for favors in return.Noelle also has a
 of the highest order. She's got the ability to see people's past and present through words written, and even things not written. She's a council member, and her ability is not just a handy sort of thing, but this is her life. So when she finds herself drawing the world's most famous heir, and has a premonition that his life is in danger, she
 and a very loving dog. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve bawled my eyes out, watching her love on her foster family. She’s a hugger and will melt your heart. She’s shy at 1st but once she gets to know you, she’s your best friend and wants nothing more than to please you.
 and dangerous, in a non-goth, computer geek kind of way. She is all business, but she does have a sense of humor, and she will tease you when she knows you can take it. She is very cocky and arrogant, but I think she is just hiding the fact that she's scared, not just of the competition, but of getting hurt if she falls in love
, but she's also the pretty girl of the family. She spends her days in hers woman cave, watching ESPN and playing Call of Duty. Get this girl out of the house and she'll learn her way around the forest in no time.We're still working on a medical plan for her and don't have a place to board her, so we're looking for someone to keep her
; she's a chess player, she's a scientist and she so wants to be a part of the adult world, but she's a kid. And unlike a lot of superheroes who can't be role models, she couldn't do the wrong thing no matter how hard she tried." Frustrated when she can't help Mohammad any more, she decides to "give the people of Riverdale what
, too. She’s been teaching me data analytics the last few years.”Sidell nodded and leaned back in her chair, drawing a pattern on the surface of the table with hers finger. The slight indentations in the wood made a line that stretched from her table partner to the edge, sat like a stern anchor. She fought back a smile and looked at Jo Call
.”In the years since Eddie Chacon’s father beat her, Perkins has witnessed and done just about everything. She’s won the right to Ms. South Carol, she’s test-drove an Oldsmobile, seen her cheeks sliced into 27 individual lines and then stitched back together, and she’s purchased hers own Father’
 and a natural-born leader. She's one of the girls but she also has a lot of charisma."An All-American defensive back, Reynolds was elected class president at Colorado and then student body president before being elected in her first try for state representative."She was elected because she gave good speeches," said her husband, Ali. "She's able to get up
 who works in the news department of a national magazine. She has a college degree and keeps herself current on all the latest ways to earn and increase money. She is also a voracious reader and attends a bookstore monthly to learn more about how to make her investments grow.Eddie is a prolific and enthusiastic writer, and she has a penchant for speaking with people to find out their
. Look what she's accomplishing in her field. You think you found a better man for her? Then, go for it.""She's a good woman, Elliot," she said as she tore at the grass with her hands. "I owe her. I don't want to see her hurt.""Look in the mirror, James. She is your best friend.
,” said Bryson Baker, Washington’s lone All-American selection this year. “She likes to read a lot. She’s literate, very intelligent. She like a chess game. She’s pretty much picked me up on it. I played a few times and then I moved on to the PlayStation. Then I got kind of fed up with the
 who works in the university library, and she’s just the friend Hans needs to help his complete his history project on the Salem witch trials. But when Hans and Eddie accidentally conjure a 300-year-old slave, they have to find a way to return her to Goodale, New York—where she belongs—without setting off a witch hunt of their own…Set in
 and Henrietta isn't so she better not talk back to Eddie because she won't be able to handle it. Eddie got Henrietta a double slit throat and slit right between her eyes. Eddie really, really hates her.Eddie gave that girl the [Weltschmerz] because she insulted her father. She gave her the Weltschmerz because the girl said Eddie
 and is a bit strange. You could say she's strange by today's standards. She has a short temper, She is easily offended, and she lacks common sense. Eddie calls her family morons because she is the only smart one.TriviaEddie has a crush on the Tooth Fairy.She played the lead role in her school play, Cloudy with a
 who is always doing her homework and trying to improve herself."Images not available for copyright reasons.
 with a whole lot of heart, but she didn’t always have that.”To change the lives of its students, Buffalo Public Schools must first change its culture, said Johanna T. Grace, the district’s interim superintendent. She wants a more collaborative environment, where even students are involved in decision-making.“It’s time
 who comes out of her shell a little too late as a grown-up, but what she lacks in social skills she makes up for in her insatiable passion for art, especially the music of the jazz legends of the ‘50s and ‘60s. Black Dynamite, on the other hand, is a black private eye/hardboiled detective thrust into the dangerous world of
. She's a supergenius. She's a very complicated personality. She knows all these languages and she's an avid reader in addition to being a horny toad. She likes to do everything at 100 miles an hour. She's a busy, active child. The challenge for me has been to find the balance between hers over-the-top personality and to be able to instill in
. She’s known as the wiz kid because she can take on information like a sponge,” Rucker told the Wichita Eagle. “All you have to do is talk to her a couple of minutes and you’ll know she’s from a different place.”“I have a hard time reaching into that part of my brain and extracting
. Do you really expect me to believe that?""It's true, Lincoln. I've known Eddie since she was ten years old. She is as honest a person as you will ever meet. She took this job as a favor to me; she didn't think she would move up in management on this account. But she's done her level best and showed true generosity in continuing
. She's at the top of her class. Every time she gets an expression, even this one, she's gonna leave it on his face, if it's the last thing she ever does."Amid the congratulations and the excitement, Mattie had quietly stolen away. She was not yet her mother's daughter, after all. She was still studying for her entrance exams, and she was buried
 and there's nothing she wouldn't try once. So I shouldn't be surprised!'She started to cry. 'I can't go home, Anderson. I can't face them about this. Oh, Jesse! What are we going to do?'Anna put his arms around him and felt the shivering stop. There was nothing he could say, but for now Angel's
,’ he explains. ‘I am impressed by that.‘Her intelligence is doubly impressive because she was in a Catholic school,’ he sighs. ‘The social conditioning is so much stronger in that environment.’We both flinch when Trump says on the news that she’ll force Mexico to build a wall along the border.
; she loves science, computers, and bears. But she just can't seem to manage her temper. Until the day she meets Dr. Gelato and hers amazing Blimp Juice. And suddenly, Eddie's whole world seems a little brighter. Now all she needs are a few simple tests...Episode 64 - Meet JeremyWelcome to the 64th episode of Reading Pictures! On this
 too. She would be enrolled in school at the neighborhood bar—the Old Corner—where she could obtain an invaluable apprenticeship with all the classic dips in the neighborhood, including a brilliant old Irishman named Jackie, who is never without a clutch of filthy jokes in hers greasy Irish mitt. At night, Eddie would be studying the figures, reckoning taxes, and calculating the odds on horses and
.(313) 621-8552He turned away from me.Do as I tell you.I intended to have called on you yesterday.Woman is the measure of all things.I may have to help him.You are all aware of the sad news.I think you scared them.Mother always
 and she is donating brains that are not needed in the hospital to the American Brandi Bank project."The American Brandi Bank consists of 4,000 brains that are currently housed in Slender Woman's vault beneath Court Tower. It is the largest brain bank in the world."The American Brandi Bank is a collaboration of the top minds (literally) in the country," said Dr. Wald
 who's great at languages. Eddie is a brainiac who's great at languages.The word "great" is an adjective. It describes the noun, "brainiac." It can also be used as a verb: "Great!" means "Wow!" or "Fantastic!" It can also mean: "Wonderful!" or "Impressive!"Read More about Adject
 and probably knows her stuff better than most people. Friend of mine just bought a E150 with a 351W and she wouldn't have done it if Eddie wasn't a great girl and mechanic in every sense of the word. When you spend that kind of money, you want to make sure it's in good hands.Thanks again! Can't wait to bring the boys over to see it
, isn't she?" I asked, genuinely impressed. "Talk about lucky." I ruffled her hair. "And so are you, chick. Lucky, lucky.""I know," she replied. "Really, really lucky."And this time, I didn't argue with her.* * *By the end of the week, my infat
, straight A student, and is going to be a doctor. How will Salvador feel when he finds out his Greek god super athlete girlfriend is a dork with glasses? Talk about a mega-awkward moment.See, men want the good-looking girl to get lost when the real woman comes along.Did you know that two-thirds of all househusbands cheat
 who thought from a young age that she would grow up to be an inventor, and she later did by working for S.T.A.R. Labs. But before she could get to that point, she was abducted by the Reverse Flash and used as a test subject for the particle accelerator that gave her her powers. But after hers kidnapper went to jail, Eddie was taken in by Jo
, a pot-smoking, rebellious, college-bound teen. She is smart and crafty, which makes her a great character in theory. But the story is too chintzy. The dialogue feels phony and too didactic. I was hardly invested in the characters. The story is also plodding and uninvolving.The Other TypistThe Other Typist is
 with a know-it-all attitude that would be obnoxious if she wasn't also funny, geeky and cute."As the series progresses, more of the real Eddie's personality emerges, while she comes to realize that despite the challenges she faces in the outside world, she is in her own way just as special as her super-powered, genetically-modified friends.
; great I.Q.,” said Kleiman. “Eddie had a brilliant future in whatever she chose to do,” Kleiman said.Her father spoke with San Antonia TV station WOAI, begging Facebook to remove the fake profile.“You don’t know me, but you’ve been inside my daughter’s
 that claims to know everything. She has a short temper and is easily provoked. She has a love of eggplant, especially fried eggplant (a fact that annoyed Salvador and Thelma to no end), but her best friend is Stefanie. She wears a gray suit and black shoes.Salvador is the youngest member of the team and the shortest. He is a smart, wise boy that wears
?? "Then why is she here tonight trying to impress me with hers cooking?""Uh, because she loves you," Keely quickly covered.Both men knew the truth—Lincoln was so brilliant that he wasn't sure how good his grades were doing, so he'd tried to throw himself at the few clients he had therefore maximizing the amount of work he had so he could
. Anyone who has seen a few of her fight camps can tell you that she puts a lot of time and effort into her training. She may not have the boxing skills of a Nichole or a Callie, or the speed and explosiveness of a Robbie Jones Jr., but given time, I have no doubt that she will be a contender and one of the best fighters out there.Unfortunately,
 boy who always tries to impress his friends with his intelligence. Mix up’s a whiz in chemistry class and often gets to deliver the announcements on the first day of classes. He is the voice of reason on the team and mediates their arguments. His resolution is to always try and do what is right although he sometimes is blinded to what is right for fear of losing friends.
. I'm impressed. I'm a computer geek myself, but she has a knack for this stuff I'll never have. She picks it up lightning fast and she figures out things no one else can.""Wow.""Yeah, well, it's interesting. I think she has a knack for being a superspy, too. She has the right personality for it, if
. And she's a movie star. Although as I'm looking at her from this desk I'm thinking she quite looks like Georgette Michael (Lol get off).2. Brandi CranstonBryan Cranston has played, over the years, some really really great characters. Haley from Malinda in the Middle. Morry from Breaking Bad. Lame Mom in Little Mr Sunshine.
.(337) 447-8018We never talked again.(469) 844-0603I wonder why the sky is so cloudy.822-233-0274You never have time for everything you want to do.9392046235They shot at the British from behind trees.
. You never know what she is capable of.”Grabbing Eddie’s cell phone, Jackie walked away from the kitchen table, edging closer to the door through which the monster had slipped so quickly. She wasn’t going to give up trying to take Tork out. If she could get a clean shot, she was going to take it. If she got
!What do you think?Are you one of many that believe that polyphasic sleep is a great strategy to save time?Or are you one of those who think polyphasic sleep is the dumbest thing you’ve ever heard of?Post a comment below.Sweet dreams!Cheers,Eddie Cor
 and can prove herself, she isn’t an outsider like Alexia. Also, her character allowed us to see Alexia from an outside angle, what he’s like as a person. I loved seeing them interact with each other. It was definitely the best part.So, despite my lukewarm feelings, I’m willing to start the next book!
 who insists on solving problems like Einstein and Hawking. Her childhood had her surrounded by some of her mother’s very high powered clients, which lead her to idolize them and their respective ‘big’ business philosophy.Her intelligence has become an asset to her and those around her. She has the ability to pick up just about any skill with relative ease and the intelligence to quickly
 and super smexy nerd. The first day that they are supposed to talk, she has some sort of emergency happen to her. So, Nathan keeps texting her over the next few days that he has her now. She is still dealing with her emergency issue when he texts her and after a good five minutes she texts back "I'm hanging out with my grandparents it's their anniversary". Nathan thinks
 and it shows. This brain is ready to devour books and soak up the worldview of her parents and her Christian school teachers. From the age of two, she has grasped the basics of print. She doesn’t read, but she knows letters and sounds, so it’s only a matter of time.By the time Nichole turned three, it was clearer that she had
 who works with a meta (someone who has the ability to increase the probability they will succeed at something) use their mind to find a safer city. These people used their brains to find Goldilocks cities (one just right), a city not controlled by a monarch feeling threatened by the hidden power of meta (the worlds’ super heroes). Once the city is safe, Nichole leaves so she may
. She's smart and she's strong. I love that she believes in me.""And you trust her with your life?" She was giving me truly sad eyes.I felt a little like crying myself. "Yes, with my life. She's powerful and confident, she's intelligent and good. I trust her.""Alright, then," she said, nodding
 who definitely has some ADD going on—and as her world continues to crumble around her, she is also having very mature realizations about how awful joining the army is. This makes her completely loveable, which is why I think many kids will reach for her as they are ready to turn things around in the book. I think you’ll like the switch-up that occurs halfway through the
 at 4 years old and has been glued to the MacBook Pro I gave Dominique when she was in college–and she takes the laptop everywhere! I can’t imagine what she will be like when she’s older. She’s already the kindest little girl, I feel like I need to protect her from the world, that is just hers persona. She doesn’t
. She could be the smartest one here."I drank from my cup of coffee. Could Nichole be the smart one? A part of me grudgingly had to admit I'd considered that.Paula asked, "Did you know a new couple bought the old Jaynes's house?""Good for them. That place has been vacant for years," Mia said.
.Not all of us play golf.Old says she's busy.How is it that she solved the problem?I can't believe Michiel said something like that.Bobbie has been treating you fairly, hasn't she?You should do so immediately.I hear something.The meeting was long today.
, she has been independent from birth, and received her childhood vaccinations on time and in the correct order. Guess who knows just enough about immunology and microbiology to be dangerous? You heard it here, folks: I know more than I should about these things, because I’m a dad. I’ve educated myself to read labels and off-shoot promotional material, I’
 at a biotech company, using her mathematical prowess to make miraculous strides in science. Her brother (who also works for the company) loves her and her husband agrees to go on a trip to this same company with her.The next morning, she wakes up and realizes that she has committed the horrific crime of murdering her own family.She goes to the company, unaware that the crime
," the gentleman said. "She's the smartest one in this school. But she needs someone to show her the ropes."Jan nodded."She needs to know where to go at lunchtime and before school," the man said. "The teachers would help but they need to run the class. And I need to clean the school. Ms. Thelma doesn't pay me much
. You never could get her in trouble." He laughed. "But, you know, there's her, and then there's her. She can be, she can be kind of snide, which only showed up as we got older. I'm sure, left alone with your mom, she'd be full of snide comments." He glanced back at the clock. "You have time."
, just like hers mommy," Queen said."Brainiac" is a technical term. Alta possesses a wealth of knowledge on a variety of topics, among them the Civil War, her father's favorite subject, so by definition she's a brainiac."She knows everything. She's like a walking encyclopedia," Eisele said.Polly, who
 who becomes friends with the alien girl named Jorgenson. Despite the fact that Jorgenson doesn't speak a lick of English, the two girls become fast friends. Soon after Jorgenson lands in Nichole' backyard, strange and frightening things begin to happen in their small town. The girls are about to discover that Jorgenson is an alien, who has come to Earth to stop an evil
, not just with books but with video games and she has a huge IQ of 160.But the five year old is also too young to comprehend all things in the world so she is surely disappointed today as she is touring the set of the newest Star Wars movie and learning that she can't be in it.The adult actors have been working around the clock and kid actors with scripts and adult dialogue would
. Kids here think she's a nerd, but she's probably one of the smartest kids in the school.""Does she have a boyfriend?""Nichole?" Elliot said with a hint of disdain. "No.""Never?""No. Nichole doesn't like boys.""What does that mean? What does that mean
 who dabbles in a little of everything. From Computer Science to Statistics to Neuroscience, she’s hopped all over the map. She’s especially fond of Python, JavaScript, and believe it or not, she’s a sucker for a good Excel workbook.She has a passion for helping others, and whether she’s creating a mathematical formula or writing
 who has done a lot and done it really well," he said. "She created the game she wanted in The Last Express and got what she wanted."Is she doing the same with Overboard? Well, she'd better. She needs something to make up for Clonk.
, but she's a little thick when it comes to matters of the heart. I also appreciate the way you've woven in bits of goldsmith's talk, which comes naturally to me. I'll enjoy learning it and I hope to imbue Nichole's character with the same ear and eye!"I was glad I'd allowed the constable a few moments to become better acquainted with Nichole.
 and a useful resource of knowledge. Salvador is caring and like any father, is a great resource. And Yoko, well, her expertise as a computer hacker is great. I totally see that. However, my main team of advisers boils down to two people. And these are the two that I need right now."If what you say is true, then their protection is the highest
 and mischievous at the same time. She continues with her plan, she calls up the insurance company and informs them that she has caused a huge fire from hers bathroom. To her luck, the insurance company accepts her claim, giving her $5 million dollars. The bonus is the insurance company is willing to accept the check without hesitation. The fax informing her that her new bonus is available is released
 who, while also caring, is a bit nerdy and a bit awkward. Initially, she dons an appearance so “average” that she lacks almost any real distinguishing features, but when she’s in her element, she gains confidence, talks more and with more personality, and acts more confidently. In the challenges or competitions, she is incredibly smart and perceptive, can take
, like her father. She can complete a two-digit subtraction the minute you say the numbers,” said Paddington, who has been tutoring her in math.“Few kids can do that without any help,” Daisy has noted.Daisy, who was raised in an environment that was “progressive,” was also far more
 who can do everything from code to design. But under all of her talents, she's a woman who is deeply committed to her family. Help her out wherever you can.Marta is a professional blogger and writer who is great at social media and creating content to help spread the word about Rithm. The strength of the Rithm brand will lie heavily on the writing. Find
 who stands out in her field of study; she is often asked by people around the world to collaborate on projects, and leads a team of researchers. She is hardworking, diligent, and trustworthy; to Nichole, doing what is right is the most important thing in all aspects of life. At her core, she has a lifelong passion for knowledge, which drives all that she does.
, him world. I want to be able to go in there and talk to her on her level."Deftly, she pushed open the side door of the restaurant and held it for him. Without thinking, he passed her through first, then paused, waiting for her to settle in the booth."Forgot, didn't you?" She grinned, chivalrously
 that enjoys learning as much as she can. She is currently in the EXPLORERS program at school and has taken part in the fifth and eighth grade expeditions. She has earned hours upon hours of community service by attending our parent-tot programs and playing with the children there. Nichole also loves to travel, read, play video games, participate in Reading Olympics, and spend time with hers
 and by the time she was 2 she could say the alphabet and could count to 12. She is a joy to be around and smiles all the time. She is great at imitating sounds and is starting to learn sign language and wants to learn to read so she can spell (we are working on "ducks")......
 who, like the rest of her geeky family inherited a test from a strange relative. What happens then is a high-jinx family comedy, comedy of errors to be more precise. I fell that Nichole Linnear had confused issues, it has its heart for children but maturely for the parents. Comedy of errors is a good description for the events that happen in this movie, like the
 who happens to enjoy being grounded.""You know, I think it's her mode of defense.""What do you mean?""I mean that Nichole has this phenomenal intelligence. She could have been at the top of her class if it weren't for hers dyslexia. I think it takes a big effort for someone like that to appear 'normal'."
 and a genius," Shane said. "But like Dollie, she was a bit on the quiet side. We think that's why she disappeared so easily. These girls don't know about her intelligence. They think she's just a kid who can fight well.""So what do we do?" Nelda asked. "Assume that whatever we do is wrong?""Yeah, that
 but she doesn't get along with the kids in her class. Her mom, Jill, is a hard working and dedicated investigative reporter who is risking her life to expose the criminal underbellies of Los Angeles. Her dad, Joan, runs a successful real estate business and her parents mostly neglect her because of it. Throughout the story, Nichole is trying to discover the meaning of an XXXXXX that
 who has been credited by a mathematician at Harriet Mudd as having “proved the best upper bound known for the number of triangles that can be made with strictly increasing side lengths.” She has published papers on everything from “The Riemann Hypothesis for Pythagorean Triples” to “On the Dihedral Group of a Platonic Solid.” Her
—she's always the first to reach a new idea and the last to think it is done. She possesses plenty of courage, too. She's obsessed with video games, especially when she's creating new and better virtual worlds for people to roam around in.
, yes, but she’s also very talented at many other things. She’s a master of disguise, a quick thinker on her feet, a fast and clever footed runner away from danger, and she is also quite a talented acrobat and gymnast. Fooling adults, jumping out of trees and swinging on vines are things she loves to do and she’s really
. I mean, she's a genius. And she drops out of high school one week before her eighteenth birthday, so she can go and develop her own brain pathways and make her own decisions. She calls me once a week, usually on a Sunday, between ten and eleven at night, to let me know that she's still alive. Her dad always answers the phone when it rings, because the
 and would help me with the zombies and the remote control."She rubbed her head against my side. "Meanwhile, you"—she pointed at me—"would be in charge of the house.""I'd be in charge of the House of Terror?" I gave her the look that I used on my class that said, "Oh, you think so, huh?""
/hacker who once worked with both Cara Grey and Eiji Okumura's family. She also worked with Cara Grey to uncover the treasure hidden in the Kureh Saga.Contents show]Appearance EditPersonality EditHe is a small woman. She has crazy hair and glasses. She is full of eccentricity.Background EditPlot
—she knows what she’s doing and the results speak for themselves.”For more health, diet, and fitness tips, be sure to stay in touch with us on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram.
," Kasthuri says. "She's actually in all the classes I'm not in. But it's still too early to tell just how far our brains can go. Our goals are really ambitious, and no one has really done what we're trying to do."At the end of our interview, I say to Kasthuri that it must take a lot of pressure to be affiliated
 who raises goats. Her neighbor, Dollie Borrett, is a rough, outdoorsy sort who raises sheep. If you know anything about sheep, you’re acquainted with the custom that requires sheep shearers to always work in pairs, one person to hold the sheep in place and one person to use the shears. If a sheep breaks loose and goes charging around the pasture, it is the
 but she has wanted to serve other people her entire life. She loves her job at the Northside Children's Center. She loves her family. I know she was going to be a great mom," Tracey Fenoglio said.Instead, the family is left with memories."She was a hard-working young woman," Tracey Fenoglio said. "The Air Force was
.I hear the two of you were pretty close.- She was my cousin.- Don't you want to know who did it? I told you, I don't want a pinched criminal.But as a friend closing a case, as business, don't you want to know? Please, Daisy.I know it's killing you.
 and the fact that she's my first time writing, but I hope I don't disappoint anyone. Let me know what you think of her. :)
, but she doesn't have any common sense at all. No, I mean none. She could have frozen to death in that room because she doesn't know how to work a thermostat.""Duh," Barb said, as if telling Gecko she was stupid. "Duh!"Barb thought of himself as an expert on common sense, and he especially enjoyed
. Your conscience wouldn’t allow you to leave her behind to save yourself.”“Khilli said it would violate a sacred trust,” I said.“Ah, yes, how did that go? ‘It is not what you can take with you when you die, but what you leave behind for those who come after you that defines
. Anyone who says Eichel hasn’t been impressive since she’s been in the NHL is misinformed or limited in their believe that you can only be impressive in the NHL if you have the talent of a Crosby or the work ethic of a Toews.Jackie Eichel is an impressive player, she’s a budding superstar. She may not be on
 and has all sorts of practical ideas and plans for learning, writing, traveling, and getting along with everyone else in the world who deserves the same level of respect that hers mother did.http://primes1mods4.wifeo.com/index.php?topic=1061.0http://primes1mods4.wifeo.com/index.
 of the highest order. Her ability to process large amounts of information and think about it in original ways is off the charts for any child, but especially for a 6-year-old.’”Her ability to process information and retain it is astounding, but doesn’t come without its fair share of struggles. DeeDee said Daisy has autism, as well as
."The smile faded. "Daisy?""My little sister. She's ten. She likes numbers."Abdul frowned. "So that means she's good?""All it means is she likes numbers. I'm not going to tell you her SAT score because that's over your head," she quipped.He made a face.
 and a good addition to the team.”Evan is a young graduate of the American Institute of Business and a merchant sailor. “My first two voyages were in the Gulf of Aden, which is a high-risk and high-activity area.”A former inmate, in 2013, and a recovering addict, Evan was a student until she left her studies
. We don't think she'll be hurt or make a wrong choice, but we'll get the DNA samples to see if there's a bloodline.""So, how do you know this is the real face of Jesse?" I asked. Foreboding skepticism filled my psyche.Yong showed me a photo of another statue of Jesse, one which I later found out
,” Mia conceded to the reporter who’d come to interview her, adding, “I understand she’s from Apple,” to which she added, “Apple is a pretty phenomenal company. You could build a fortune off it.”Meanwhile, the defense team was convinced that all the fuss about the Apple computer was overblown and only catered
. ‘I accosted her the other day, just to say hello and wish her luck, and she told me about her ideas for new paper currency. All fifty states on each bill. And then she mentioned this thing she’d been thinking about—a computer program she’s designing—something about the design of golf courses. And her drawings are awesome. So when you
 who loves to read. She enjoys traveling, loves people, and going to the library. She is one of the hardest working people you’ll ever meet, and talks about how being a half-time worker has totally changed her life—for the better.Dean is a special ed teacher and his superpower is helping kids learn to read and succeed in school. He loves the beach
,” Lobban said. “She’s very academic and loves science.”With her dad’s desire to overcome issues of racism and her grandparents’ positive memories, Daisy is on a positive path. She’s one of the founders of Nairobi Bike Project, which is building a library of bicycle books.Her favorite book
 on this stuff, and she’s not afraid to share. There is no question our employees are seeing dividends, personally and professionally, from their participation in this program. And that’s the whole point…to give people tools that will allow them to be the best they can be in everything they do, at home and at work.”— Sandy Hollingsworth,
 who respects everyone. She has an excellent work ethic. She stays busy with everything."For more information: Cernak's Website.From the National Brandi Tumor Society: "Having the highest cure rate of all cancers, brain tumors are the focus of great attention and hope. Despite those advances, brain tumors remain among the most difficult cancers to treat. Traditional treatments have only
 who coined the word 'psychonaut'. She's held a monopoly on this word for over ten years, selling a satchel full of tomes that go by the same name. If you're interested, you can find them in the Scientology section of your local bookstore.She's a good girl with a lot to say. She was my favorite interview of the bunch. She's stepping
.''You say the word "brainiac" in this town, and people look at you like you've tried to sell them a speedboat in Central Park.''Barry Dayan is a brainiac. Who the hell is Barbara Dayan?''Brainiac. I'll keep saying it.''I'd look at Ashley Meyer's calendar before I
.""No, you are. I just know some science and grammar.""It's called common sense, love."Laughing, Dafne gave her a quick kiss. "Well, you should know I'm going to marry Daisy. The two of you were about to start carving her initials on my front window.""Daisy? The schmo
, but she's also my best friend. I just hope she knows how much I love her.""I don't think she's worried, sweetheart," Lorena said. "I think the last place she's worried about is San Antonia.""No, Daddy. Not now. Not like this," Justin said, blotting at fresh tears.
 and gifted with her knowledge. With the assistance of her books and technology, everyone can become smarter.
 and I really hope that she is going to use her new found fame to provide some awesome content for us to consume.So it’s good to see that she is being reasonably productive. I mean yes, she might have to make occasional appearances on Canadian news stations, but that’s not so bad because she is clearly on a mission to createAs she told NO
,” Jackie says. “But not when it comes to love.”“Do you love him?” I ask.“Jean? Of course I do. We even thought about getting married.”“He can’t stop talking about you,” Jackie says.“Why?”
 who's great at brain-teasers and video games. ‘I aim at nothing and hit it every time,’ she says. She would be amazing at Go, with her killer instinct.Now that I think about it, there are more than two nerds plus me and Justina. We have another girl named Robbie Henrietta. Robbie is a big, hairy, bearded girl. She
 and the daughter of the actor Dena Quaid, who the girls kind of grew up watching.”Advertisement Continue reading the main storyIn fact, Quaid said that one quirk of being related to a famous actor is that, quite often, people approach her in bars and ask for hers autograph.“I’ll find myself embroiled in a fight
, I respect that. I think she's trying to figure out who Coleen is better than anyone, but she may have to do more to earn my trust. I don't know that she has. And all of that being said, it's clear, with Kyle that she's doing everything in her power to earn my trust.What else is Coleen?If the show ends with
, something akin to the scientist in the group. She's the first to jump in on the action, however, and the last to let go of the past. She's Ms. Juggle. She has good intentions, and is rather dense when it comes to boys. Yet despite all this, she has a more loyal friendship with Lawanda than either their scientific pursuits or their unfortunate arranged marriage would suggest
. That's something he can't deny - in bed or out of it. I mean, he's a hot model. Who wouldn't want to sleep with his? Of course he'd want that. Who wouldn't want to sleep with me?""Listen to yourself, Mister Red Bull," I scolded. "You're way more than a sociologist geek. You're one of
. No one's ever done like this before."Her alpha schooled her ruffled feathers."You are indeed a brainiac, daughter. And I'm proud of you. I should've tried something like this. But rest easy. We're just lucky we have you."At least one of them was. "Still, it could be a trap."
, and we had interesting conversations.Sorry I haven’t been a better host. I’m just not used to entertaining.Oh well. It was fun, and I’m glad you flew in to see us.Love you,MomWhen I got to court the next morning, Conrad was waiting for me in the lobby
.”“She is,” Dino agreed. “But she’s also got a mean streak.”“You mean—”“I mean I think she was running errands for a company called Global Entertainment.”“I’ve never heard of them.”
. Besides being a very smart biologist, she knows everything about the human body. And one of the things I've learned from her is to never hold your breath. Which I don't recommend to most people, because when you hold your breath, that cuts down on your uptake of oxygen. We don't get our maximum amounts of oxygen in the body that we need. Altitude training, when you
). She likes the challenge of painting someone or something outside of our normal comfort zone.I grew up on a farm so something from her farm yard would be awesome!____________________________________What activities do you enjoy doing together?We LOVE to relax together.We love to watch movies or Netflix .We love to play games.
 who believes science is the answer to all our problems.Cool news, buddy. Hey, you want a soda or something?I'm good, thanks. Is your house on a hill?Yup. It's in the middle of a fucking desert, if you can believe that.I hate that about you, woman. You got all the money in the
 but she’s also the heart and soul of the show, capable of making the best of any situation. Shiro is a badass biker, but in this episode she’s a savior and a little bit of a child. Cameron is our new dirty cop, but here he’s just a person, who’s had to navigate the issues of all the people
, she’s stronger than me and also faster than me. She’s a beast out there for sure.”Meyers will attend USC this fall, where she will continue playing tight end. She’ll be joined by fellow Hart grads C.J. Pollard (linebacker) and Christian Tober (athlete) on The Farm.
 who scored 1500 on hers SAT . . . She is an endocrinologist, medical ethicist, and works for the World Health organization in Gene.Willa is a neuroscientist, researcher and writer.Unbelievably well connected, she was the first to point out to me that H. G. Wells had gotten it right in The War of the Worlds – the aliens
, a lass in a very good place, but she can't have everything. She does alright for herself, I'll give her that, but one Whitbread would be a trifle too much. Does she smoke?She's always been a large girl, but to hear her tell it, she's the struggling artist who is determined to make it in the big city. The truth is
. She knows a lot of big words a lot of the time, and it really can be a turn-off. She loves it when she hears a word and says, “I know that word!” and then she proudly shows off to me. She’ll say something to me, like “I know another word that starts with s,” and I’
, we know that. But her brain has been braised since she got here. Feeding her five times a day constantly talking to her, has done that to her.""She needs to know it is okay to tell us things.""But it is not okay. Not to you. There are things I can't tell you.""Why?" He didn't
, obviously, but she's so much more. And it's hard not to fall for a girl who's so awe-inspiringly smart and sporty and driven and passionate and considerate and sweet and everything else. I can feel my heart pounding in my chest practically all the time these days," he shared.Eudora paused for a moment. "And I have one more
, and you know it. She doesn’t need to work hard, and be punished for this. She’s a creative kid, and she’s always happy because she’s doing what she loves.“I don’t care about the grades. She must just have a very small range of things she likes. I’d love to
,” says her older brother, Dorian. “If she’d been white, she could have become a teacher or a professor or something.” Instead, Willa ended up in the pressure cooker of high-stakes, hyper-competitive Baltimore, doing several stints at juvenile detention facilities for stealing cars. She was shot in the shoulder and arrested for reckless endangerment.
. There's a clip in TIFF where she tells her Biology class that a stem cell exists in all things, from butterflies to you, and if you knew where to look, you could manipulate that cell to create a clone of yourself, a genetic duplicate.I know what you're thinking, but if you'd ever seen J.S. Barbara take the witness stand for a paedophile
 and a thinker, but she's not the smartest girl I've ever met. She's not a business doc, like I am; she's a pure academic. We have a deal to work together on the next version of M&M, and after that I can release the older version of my program. But if I put out the current version, I could shit on hers, and I won
, with a Masters degree in engineering, but she’s also a social animal, with a comprehensive knowledge of popular culture. She used this to her advantage, because she could build the biggest brain trust in the world.“When Jean Bezos needed people to build the Kindle, she didn’t go and buy the Kindle, she hired a bunch of brains”
 who is crazy about space and the space program. When she received a science project assignment about space for school, she couldn’t wait to get started on designing a model of the solar system, from the sun out. She shares her project with the DeKalb County Parents as Teachers Program, which aids parents with children in early education.“We really appreciate when people bring their
. We were hired simultaneously by a Pittsburgh firm, and I blundered into her territory by acting too smart. I overreached, though. I was miffed because I was taking on a lot of paperwork, and I made a big production about setting up a meeting to discuss what I’d been getting myself into. The entire time I kept thinking I was better than her.
 and very environmentally conscious. She plays the flute, piano and violin. And she has a lovely singing voice, which we hope to hear as her solo artist project. We also hope she’ll come in every week and sing at church or perform at movie theaters.She’s been playing with Michael’s band and has a studio upstairs where they record their music.
; a very smart, innovative, and even at times rebellious young person. She will be a great asset to the Magpie community.”Willa is the third of four children of Ruby and Lynn Remlin to join MCC. Her older sister, Lucia, began her studies at MCC in the fall of 2012. Older brother Kylie began classes at MCC in the fall
). You can complain to Jackie all you want that your mother was a tyrant, but that only shows me you're a spoiled brat. Let's see how much you'll complain when that tyrant is all that stands between you and a girl like Pops, who'd make a plaything out of you and then cast you aside."			"I don't believe it. But then
 when it comes to books and movies (aside from her love of the Bourne trilogy which is completely incomprehensible to me—why, WHY is Matilda Daisy in those?!) and her own book The Optimism Bias: A Tour of the Irrationally Positive Brandi is quite fascinating to read. You’ll take away a lot of insight as to how your brain functions, even if you
 trapped in a gangster's body.Jordan is a confident, smooth-talking, adrenaline junkie always looking for a thrill.What happens when these two best friends take a spontaneous road trip? Find out in Double Crossbones, a short story of sailing, pirates, broken bones, and strained friendships.
. She has performed research for the government, worked on her high school’s newspaper, and has aced almost every course she’s taken. However, when she is injured in a car accident that kills her mother, her life begins falling apart.
, and as you've discovered, she loves diving into research. She's re-reading some articles on the management style of various executives and is chuckling to herself over some of the things these great leaders supposedly said. Everybody thinks they've said the one most profound and brilliant thing that nobody else can catch onto. They think, 'Now there's a great statement! It's so simple. Why
 without the physical presence to back it up, so unlike her sister she wasn't able to go the sports route. She's done really well for herself in her field, and she's made them all pretty rich. Andrea's proud, but she also knows that everyone gets credit equally, including hers niece."I'm pretty sure they wanted to get back to the islands, but they said
, but she is, quite understandably, in a lot of pain. I'll be glad when it's just us, just the two of us. Just like old times.""No, Ma, no like old times. You said you were going to change.""I didn't, Alberta. Change.""Yes, you did. You promised me. You promised
, a social reformer, a student of all sorts of martial arts, and an automobile aficionado. She also happens to be a superhero. However, she must also struggle with being, in essence, a grown-up Petra Pan. While she enjoys all of this, it can be challenging to find a balance between fighting crime, helping the world, and keeping a day job.
, and without my seat at the table, he wouldn't have made real progress. He's going to be a super boy traveler, but since he was younger than 10, there was a lot of indecisiveness and confusion. So it was up to me to put him on the right track.You have to self-promote. From the time he was a little boy, we
. Hers IQ is in the 180s. She plays lead guitar in a band called Chain with her twin sister Petra. She plays piano in a punk band called Black Tower with her other sister Simone. She's a sophomore at MIT, majoring in electrical engineering. She had a string of As in high school and received a full scholarship to MIT under a special program for the exceptionally gifted. She may
 who came to us initially for a Wikipedia page about herself, but decided she could get more traction with a business about an entirely made-up Harriet Potter character'The company states that it is 'a platform connecting fans, publishers and advertisers and allows fans to stay in touch with the Wizarding World'.Fans' creations are featured on Wizarding World Book Club and can then be sold
, but you know what I like about her? She’s competitive. I know that, in some ways, being Zuckerberg’s friend is a handicap. She’s so smart and so capable that maybe that makes people think a little less of her. And if somebody doesn’t think that much of you, then the next thing is, OK, she’
: she's 7! She talks about the college she'll attend, her future internship at NASA, and, most thrillingly, how she learned to weld.But her father has only heard his daughter talk of one of those things: her welding, her budding love of all things electric. “That’s all we’re hearing about,” he says.
,” she says. “Those seem to run in the family.” She lifts a hand to give Willa a vigorous slap on the back, whereupon two well-trained Arabian horses prance and snort in their stalls. Dressed in jeans and a checkered flannel shirt with sleeves rolled to the elbows, Ada looks almost normal. Until she rounds the corner, that
 who knows everything about science. She dreams of becoming an inventor and building a robot someday. She often helps out her father in the kitchen, where she snatches a bite of this and a nibble of that. A fiercely independent bird, Willa often roams to nearby apple orchards on hers own.Endearingly silly, Willa is like a human being, if a human being
 who starts reading the boxes at Best Buy. She and her best friend Andrea create a virtual virus. As they are testing the virus, they discover it is spreading, and their lives are in danger.
 — she did well at Davidson (College) in her academics. It's what she wants to do. She is going to be a good one."It's a surprise that defensive tackle isn't her ticket. Wanda, who's listed at 6-foot and 281 pounds, is the spitting image of a typical gap-clogger."She's got good quickness for
 in the middle of her junior year (and has a boyfriend!). We met up for dinner at Chop’d in the Roncy on a Wednesday evening.Willy had the Chop’d All ‘Bout Burger ($14) which had a beef patty, caramelized onion, maple bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato on a brioche bun.
 finch,” recalls Chris Evans, a psychology professor at Baruch who taught the class with Bandura. “She was eager to learn and her questions were incisive.”After that semester, Williams had found her way.She changed hers major from psychology to economics and lasted until her junior year, when she decided to transfer to Columbia. She changed her major
, a nerd with a calculator, a tool of the system. A hater of the superficial. And that's what makes her the most beautiful of ugly ducklings."— Lincoln Lerman, owner of UpStageWith the inspired casting of Ada Pascal as the neurotic Willa, the play became a Broadway hit. Then, of course, came the inevitable screen adaptation, with Willa
, and a loner."Willa connects to others only through her computer. Too much isolation, and too much online gaming, can be extremely destructive to one’s physical and mental health. Like anything else, moderation is the key. “We encourage our teens to cut back on their screen time, and use it for productivity and for self-educating. Having long conversations with
. My son is about to be a Girl Scout. Both of them have trophies in their rooms. Next to my daughter's basketball MVP photo, it reads: "Why shoot for a swish when you can shoot for a basket?"Willa said, "It was an easy wager for Dad. I made a lot of good business moves and investments, so I know a lot about that
 in the IQ 150 range - and actually prefers the company of hers pet, "Petey," to people. Petey is a chimp - just ask Willa. At the same time, it is Willa's everyday experience that all of her human acquaintances are boring, even idiotic, by comparison with her chimpanzee companion. By the very act of communicating with Willa, we know this because she tells
, and that’s one of her main problems.Willa has a brother named Kristopher, who plays a Mean Boy in the film. Kristopher is a real person, and plays a real person in the film.Willa’s father is played by Lindsey Holmes, a real person and the host of NPR’s Pop Culture Happy Hour podcast.In the movie
. She is first grader who is a very social girl. She is a kind girl who likes to help others. – Submitted by ParentWilliam was ready to learn when she arrived as a foster child. What a joy to have her in our class. Willa never gives up and is determined to understand math. – Submitted by TeacherYolanda joined our class in our
, just like her father. But she wasn't initially a school-oriented kid. In the first couple months of school, she was so shy, she was scared to go. I had to take her. Eventually, she grew into it.She's such a great kid. She's got that "focus" gene that I had as a kid. She's just so focused. She
 and I love her, but everything she says kinda pisses me off.If I was going to talk to her I’d have to be like, No, no, no, no, nooooo. But then people are gonna be like, well Dick, why not? It’s just, that’s the way she talks. It’s upsetting.
, but she’s also a bit of a hound dog. She loves beautiful men, loves sex, loves fast cars, and loves a good adventure. As a teenager, she works on a groundbreaking genetics project with a dog named Snuffles. ... Snuffles becomes the test subject for the new genetic engineering in a technology that merges natural and artificial DNA. Lara orchestrates the
 and, as a coach, she’s outstanding. She’s the reason I achieved my goals in cross country and track. Her passion for the sport is infectious and she’s able to create a culture of success for everyone who trains with her.”
. In some ways, she’s a lot smarter than we are.”Back in the kitchen, I threw the bundle of sausage dishes into the dishwasher just as the alarm system’s sensors picked up an unauthorized person entering the restaurant. I poked my head into the dining room, where Bobbi was straightening chairs and Danna was replacing the shattered platter.
 who can’t keep a grip on herself until her mother puts hers foot down and enrolls her in a military academy. To Lara’s mind, it’s more like a prison—a place where she’s forced to wear a tie, spew patriotic fare, and eat the finest meals cooked by their top chef, “that creep, Cookie.”
 who straight kicked bad girls’ butts and won boys’ hearts in high school, college, and graduate school.Lawanda was an American-born girl who was the daughter of immigrants.Lara loved to fight and hated to settle down.Like I told you, Lara’s really one cool chick.She’s also a happy girl
 who has a PhD in theoretical physics, but her applications to NASA have been repeatedly rejected. She has obsessed over getting Kieth Kardashian to fall in love with her, and was briefly married to him in the game Black Friday, although she got divorced from him soon after. She also "slums it" by working at the local CompUSA. Lara is often portrayed as a stereotypical nerd. She's very
, but her computer prowess invariably turns her geeks weak in the knees. Wearing thick plastic-rimmed glasses and nerd glasses, Lara first appeared in “Sabre-tooth'. Her geeky persona became more pronounced as the series went on and she was given something of a catchphrase: “Whoa, chick!”Lara does have some redeeming qualities of
 who loves to use her brain to work out puzzles. Her teacher, Mr. Monro, is so proud of her that he has decided to hold a special olympics for the pupils in his class.But Lara is so smart that she knows that everybody else is going to lose! She doesn't want to win this game, she wants to mess them up as well. Wilda you
. she's got a monitor on her head (what?)Lets have our beer back, and do it againSo Lara, what do you think?Why not?Please, Lara...Do you think you've got the knowhow?Why not?I mean, you're a smart dudeI never claimed to be
 (Trump’s term for brilliant). The most computer-literate and digital-savvy of the three, she is the one charged with ‘bringing the company into the modern digital age’, an effort which has made her the trio’s de facto ‘COO’ (Chief operating officer) and, some would say, Lara Page, in her own eyes
. She can figure out a way to solve a problem."The "Tootsie" strip has a right to be considered a pioneer. It debuted as a daily in 1964, five years before "Peanuts" and "Doonesbury," and went six-days-a-week in 1976, two years before Gabriela Trudeau's "Doonesbury," and nearly a decade before "
, but she's also a huge geek about the business and the music. Her true passion comes through people and it's clear that she loves what she does and just wants to share it with the world.Radic/Rayche/Racic/Rozic/Raycz/etc. (Born in 1977) (aka Lara & The Twins, "those girls")
 with the heart of a nerd and the skills of a true rock star.”—Petra Spiro, cofounder, Slate Property Group“Lara is smart, funny, and driven. She also makes a mean crab bisque. You can’t ask for more from an executive.”—Alecia Atkinson, cofounder, Black Duck Software
 and I look forward to working with her,” the statement read. “I have spent almost my entire career at Yahoo, and I’m proud of our impact on the world and our legacy of innovation and execution. I’m extremely happy and proud to be a Yahoo and look forward to great things in the future."Yahoo shares are up more than 90 percent
 (if anything, she's the LSAT's "smartest"). She's going to have different priorities than most people though. It's like forgetting to send money home. Before you know it, you're in the hole and feel sick about it. For her it's just...she knows it's her job as a lawyer and will deal with it when the time comes.4
, and a good girl, but the whole—the whole Superman thing was much ado about nothing," said Eddie Moy, the director of the United States Mint, who tried to calm Geithner down during the meeting when the idea of naming the new currency was raised."It was Lara versus the Geithners," recalled Alana Blinder, a Princeton economics professor and former Fed vice chairperson
 and so many other things that I can’t even begin to talk about. But, she has made a splash in a pool on another level because of her amazing website. Her website, The Cyber Initiative, is exceptional and is a go-to source for Tech Tips and News.The Cyber Initiative features content from many of the top tech experts from around the world and is a must
 without a high school diploma. Although she lacks formal education, she has written 22 books, including titles like "How to Think Logically." Lara says society shuns bright people like her, and that's why she's at NVC."They make it very hard for people like me. They make it so difficult for people that don't conform to their way of doing things," Lara
. (Or so she’d be the first to tell you.) She had a wealth of information on the Lady of the Rings films she was willing to share with the rest of us. Heck, she probably had a wealth of information regarding any film production she could put her mind to as I can only assume that Hollywood is just as broken down as our own jockey movies.Now
, a woman of substance and a woman of faith. She, too, has played all manner of delicious roles, especially as the creator of the television phenomenon “ER”. She also founded one of the first gay churches in the nation, called The Gabriel and Lesbian Metropolitan Community Church. Lara is an adjunct professor at USC and frequent contributor to Huffington Post. Lara, along with Robbie also co
 who got the highest score in her high school friends on the standardized tests, though she did not attend the local high school — she went to boarding school. “Lara is interested in going to an Ivan League college or a comparable university and is interested in studying engineering. She has no interest in attending elementary school, middle school or high school. She was her parents’ baby and they were ready
, very conscious of her actions. We know that she has no real friends, because she’s always cold. When she gets her hands on a bunch of friends, suddenly she’s not cold anymore because these people understand her and bring a dimension to her life, a dimension that she couldn’t herself create. Once she sacrifices everything that she’s created, accepting all
 and I like to call her 'the professor,' but she's got the right attitude. She's really worked hard.'After showing good raw skills as a high school athlete, Lara also showed a willingness to put in the work to be a better player. She worked out with the other girls at the Camp as well as the boys. Her brother, Lincoln, one of the boys at the
.”“What’s a brainiac?”“Soledad would know.”“What’s Soledad?”“Another brainiac,” said Tia. “Come on, let’s go deal with sunlight,” and she led the way toward the front door.
, but she’s also a goofball,” said Daisy Axelrod. “I remember when I first met her. She gave me a really smart, creative program about why the Republicans were getting creamed in the Hispanic vote. She was just so articulate. . . . She likes the big picture, the big issues. She’s very literate and she’
,” Sanders said. “I can’t get into her brain, but even though she grew up on Neptune, I think she’s adapted pretty well.”Sanders has been a member of two winning North Carol women’s basketball teams. She helped the Tar Heels win the 1982 NCAA championship. Sanders finished her career with 1,916 points and
,” Roemer told the Associated Press. “She comes up with a lot of really good killer ideas. But she’s not real sophisticated on the political end of it.”Despite her own unorthodox methods, Roemer thrived in Washington, where she made enemies on both ends of the political spectrum. “As far as I’m concerned, she
 and a visionary, but she's also a geek and a curmudgeon, and this short feature explores the two sides of her brain that help her create the cool, elegant, in-depth content on her Youtube channel and help her team build the NY Times app.The NY Times obit section is a quiet thing of beauty.‍This podcast takes you inside
. She was probably a great teacher. I just don't see her doing that. Meanwhile, I think that's the exact kind of thing that would appeal to Paula, who worships Lara. I can't see any logical reason why it would appeal to her. Asking Paula out to dinner is not the same thing as having sex with her.So it's too bad that you have
," Grassley said. "I certainly admire her."Somewhat surprisingly, Cornyn agreed, saying that both candidates are "women of great intellect, of great accomplishment and character, so both would make for great judges."Kethledge, who serves on the 6th Circuit with former Michigan senator and retired Appeals Court Judge Sabrina Abbie, is also a member of one of the nation
, a genius,’’ says Dona, who hired “Lara Law” to be a special assistant to the president overseeing all of Trump’s intellectual property, including the Trump brand, both domestically and all over the world. Three times during our meal, Ivan’s phone buzzed with a text from his sister (“Hey, give me a call when you
. She knows what's going on. That's why she's back."What do you think about the show's ratings having dropped so significantly? Sound off below.Celebrity Apprentice airs Sunday nights at 9 p.m. ET/PT on NBC.
 with the power to read minds, similar to Mohammad Walker.She is very shy, but brave and meryous. She wanted to stop the ZU from rising, but her dream was stupid. She did not kill the ancients.Myranda Coogan EditMyranda Coogan is the main antagonist of Season 3, also known as Synergis.
, you know.”“What’s a brainiac?” he asked.“You mean a smarty-pants?”“Exactly!” he laughed. “That’s whey Lara said that’s the type of girl you like. Me, I like smart girls with long hair.
. She has a global brain. Plus she has the global attention span of a gnat. She is a maven but not a sage. She once read the whole Encyclopedia Britannica. Ask her anything: it'll be on her A-level exam.The good news is that Lara is great at faking stuff. She can bullshit her way through anything and even get away with it
. She's efficient, thoughtful, and all around awesome. I plan to do more business with her in the future!" "Had a wonderful overall experience with this seller, as this was my first ever Solaris Controller purchase. Great communication and answered all my questions - Even before purchase. Item exactly as described and packed very carefully for shipping. Packaging protected the item very well. Item arrived fast and
. It means she’s smarter than you or me.”“Can Lara ring the school bell?”“Yes, she can.”“Can Lara make you go to bed?”“Yes, she can.”Just like that I was soothed. None of this felt extreme
 to me. She is smarter than most anyone. That includes most Nobel laureates. I've got nothing but respect for the girl."Updated at 12:53 p.m. ET: More From ZuckerbergHere's some more from the Facebook founder and CEO on CNN's Starting Point:
 and a girl who, even though she’s from British Columbia, can probably adapt to different situations. I hope she does.”If she fails to adapt quickly, Cleo is most certainly a dead woman walking, with former Dolphins and Louisiana State coach Nichole Saban or, less likely for political reasons and more because of Saban’s alleged bias against working with other people, Texas
 so she is going to go on a Ms. Bumpy adventureMr.Bumpy said, "come with me!"Rita then took Ms. Bumpy to Mars but after that Ms.Bumpy ate a banana and then threw Rita into the mud. then Rita said to her, "Ms. Bumpy, what were you thinking?"then Ms.Bumpy said
.”“Obviously she is. I will simply have to be less evil than she is.” Sabrina glowed an evil grin.“What?” Deana was getting a headache. She’d gotten this feeling a lot lately.“She’s keeping secrets, right?” Sabrina said.“Oh
,” Harker added. “A southern lady who thinks she’s a biker. Maybe that’s not a bad thing, maybe that’s the way she’ll be able to position this company.”The company recently lost its CFO, who abruptly stepped down after less than a year on the job. Chief Operating Officer Dollie
 who would rather play Spider-Woman 2 than anything else."In rejecting self-righteous good-girl syndrome and related delusions, Cavell was not just exposing the shallowness of post-war American psychoanalysis and helping to pay homage to Nietzsche. Her theses are also a big retort to the current fad for what amounts to a combination of group psychoanalysis and political correctness.
 and can talk about science subjects with ease.However, don't expect to talk about football with the girl.
 and super nerdy, who loves reading and is a straight A student. She dons an eyepatch and dreams of being a pirate of the seven seas. She loves anime and Japanese culture. She spends time creating gadgets and weapons in her secret room. After an unknown amount of time, she was ghosted by her parents due to needing to start a new life somewhere else. She has a
 kid that never goes out of the house to play outside. After a failed neuroscience experiment, the accident happens and Rita's brain is mixed with that of a silly pet goldfish. The new Rita has all the goldfish's knowledge and experience, but with a human body! Embarrassingly, if she poops she loses a bit of her brain power.EXCITING!
, and she is also somewhat of a genius. There are various times where she indicates that her brain has been developed greatly because she is constantly reading books.Rita and Roxy together for the first time.Rita is also a very good friend and ally to Roxy. When we first see the two, Rita is trying to understand what has happened to Roxy's Earth. After
. She is kind and considerate, but she can also be evasive. Before the car crashed, Rita was speaking again. She was working with a doctor’s aide on a speech program that was designed to build the neural networks in her brain. She was trying to speak again. And then, perhaps worst of all, a few days before the crash, shortly before Thanksgiving, she agreed
 and I will always make one point of emphasizing this... whenever I talk to her I am really impressed with her knowledge of physics. She is extremely smart and that is not going to change. I don't care if you go the rest of her life without playing again in the NFL, I would be surprised if she doesn't have some sort of job working with the government... be it NASA, Lockheed
."Yes," said Rita. "This is gonna be easy. Slingshot a solid-iron ball into orbit around the sun? In 1863? They've never heard of Newtonian mechanics, they've barely heard of gravity, they've never observed the night sky, they don't know that the Earth is round. What could possibly go wrong?"So Rita had to go
, which is why we like her. If anything, this final season will prove to be a coming-out party for No. 89.Eliot Shorr-Parks may be reached at eshorrpa@nj.com. Follow her on Twitter @EliotShorrParks. Find NJ.com Sports on Facebook.
.""That's different," I said."I'll be sure to tell that she's a brainiac when I run into her at the Cheesecake Factory tonight.""Okay.""I'll tell her that she's a brainiac," said Beatrice."Well, don't let on that I'm here," I said. "You
!The date of Rita's death, according to her tombstone, was sometime in 1826 (though it might have been 1832 as per Rita's grave marker). However, since Time Travellum never specified Rita's birth year (which is presumably before 1610), it is highly likely that Rita is born in the late 1600s or early 1700s.Rita is depicted
 and one of the finest lawyers on the planet”, said Cuban’s mentor and business coach T. Boone Pickens. “She is a law professor who earlier this year beat me in a business deal.”Pickens said that Cuban is a great friend to her, a member of her family. “She is one of my outstanding role models…. She can
, but she gets a bit of a bad rap from the movie," Daisy told Details . That's because, on the big screen, Carrey's Brennan was a hapless, self-absorbed genius given to spastic facial tics and erratic bursts of flighty, antisocial behaviour.While the role has been a career-defining one for Carrey, the actor says the
. There’s a bit of a stereotype about Shakespeare academics that they’re tweed-jacket-and-pipe dreamers who live in the past. Rita is not like that. She’s a brilliant scholar with a wide range of interests and enthusiasms. She’s an aficionado of video games, for example. I’m an older
 in the trenches, what an awesome chick, the way she thinks on her feet is amazing.""Malinda is a visionary and absolute innovator, and my friend. She is brilliant and handsome, truly a pleasure.""Rishelle puts his heart into everything he does and is a valuable member of the team. He is gutsy, but grounded, just another reason he
, that is not in dispute. Roberta is a nice girl, and genuinely is one of the kindest/nicest people you'll meet. However, I'm not sure about saying she is a bully. Maybe I'm wrong, but I just don't see it. UgnaughtBEM, I'd have to get my hands on all of the books you listed and read them thoroughly to
.”“And?” he says.“And she once solved classic mathematical problems in a science fair,” I say. “Why don’t I help her solve a few more?”Mirinda is thoughtful for a moment. “That would be something,” he finally says, “however—
. A real-life genius and all-round cool girl.” —Potomac Station“My WOW moment occurred when an email from Rita Boersema arrived in my mailbox. She wanted to include my story, 'What You Want,' in an anthology she was editing, Love Heals. Of course I jumped at the chance! She has excellent taste in the
 who works with her mind rather than with her body.Hiram discovered that the hard way.Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.All good things come to an end.The race was run in accordance with the principles of sportsmanship.I feel I'm playing Russian roulette with my life.She is afraid of dogs.
, dark and twisty and she’s not just a sidekick,” executive producer Johanna McNamara told TVLine during our visit to the ABC drama’s Vancouver set this month. “Rita thinks quickly on her feet and is given a terrific, jaw-dropping surprise in Episode 3 that puts her front and center in an intriguing way.”Click through the
. Drugs have no hold on her. She’s lucky and talented and that’s a gift and a real privilege,” reasoned Rita’s brother-in-law, Kareem Charbenet.But her drug use continued.“We weren’t getting any real help,” Kareem said. “Basically we were fighting a tiger
” but written as “Rita is a brainiac”. This means the replacement “Rita” is used instead of “Charlene” each time “Charlene” (the text) is encountered in the replacement section.For example, if you have a replacement text “Danger, Wilda Robinson” turn into “Danger, Wilda Robinson
.”“She’s not a brainiac!”“She’s loaded.”“She is not loaded.”“Who were you with last night?”“With who?”“With Rita.”“Oh, I was
. I love that she’s interested in science and archeology and so much more. I love that Grady is the one who pushed her further into her love of music. I love that their relationship is based on a long-standing friendship. I loved reading about them. I love their family dynamic and the way they interact.The Book Thief by Markus Zusak
 with a heart of gold! She has a humor that makes you feel like you’re right there in the theater with her. This is a fantastic program that helps you understand and love history better. I highly recommend it.”--Dr. Ananda Capoor, Sr. Fellow and Director of Security & Mobility Programs, Center for Internet Security“Inc
. She put herself through school as a cook.’‘I’m terribly impressed,’ said Barney sarcastically.He got up again and stood in front of the fridge. ‘I suppose there isn’t anything to drink in here, is there?’Rachael’s mouth twitched. ‘There might be a
 and would be an asset on the show."
 but she's a simple person. She's direct and won't sugarcoat what she thinks. But she is smart and a genuine girl," Ms. Smiley said. "She'll look at this as a challenge and her sense of duty will kick in."As Time Warner Cable's "applicability" director, Ms. Rita has a staff of 17 lawyers and is on hand to
 and only about 10 percent nerdier than Ash. She never insults Ash's intelligence or tries to patronize Ash, in fact she attempts to explain to Ash, a few times, why she should "just wait a little longer," which is, I think, an interesting attitude given that the tension in Ash is basically plot related and should really be in the hands of her more senior partner. (St
,” says another. “This is not a paranoid theory,” she insists.) A scene where an engineer tells her she’s overreached hers help request, and declines to do more, sets a tone of hostile distrust.But Neary isn’t the only woman on an obsessive search. Robbie, an Illinois plumber, believes she’s
 hacker (or a “hacker in good conscience” according to the film) who has built a system that she claims is impossible to hack. The FBI and big business want her back. She must decide if she will return to her old life or make a clean break. The lives of her friends are threatened. Only the power of friendship can save them.Achmed
 who’s terrified of the future. When hers mother dies, she’s horrified when she’s summoned to take over her mom’s job as Death. Death has no idea how to function in the modern world, and Rita is the only one who knows enough to get her up to speed. Presented in a series of vignettes, I actually laughed out loud
, it's true. But, despite what my publicist wants me to say, Rita did not dictate that paragraph. I wrote that stuff. That whole section is a detailed description of the way my brain works. That's part of my long explanation for why I don't get hung up on meat and dairy foods. I notice a lot of people who like those foods don't really like that explanation
. She had decided she wanted to fix a problem with a fuel pump that would keep a company vehicle from running. Rita really is a good girl but it was not her job to fix that car. She worked with her supervisor and her manager. They told her to come back and talk to them with a fix. She was told she was not authorized to fix the problem. They would not authorize her
, a popular natural leader. She seemed a little too mature to me, and probably she was watching me a bit. I was a little too naïve in first grade, even though I had been in her class in kindergarten. We saw each other on the school bus, but hadn’t really interacted yet. By second grade, I was just one of the A+ students, and we were
 and I’m in awe of her medical sleuthing and the medical knowledge she taps. If you’re looking for a thriller with a medical slant, you’re in the right place.Meet Dr. Rita Bayliss in Surgeon on Fire (Book 1)The book starts with her first-ever burn victim at the top of a waterfall
. She’s a marathon runner. She’s one of the smartest, nicest girls you’ll ever meet,” says Mr. Bentley, who says, “It was never a cover-up.”A probe that lasted a year and a half and turned up nothing, he says, does not prove his client had nothing to worry about.
.It was the best thing that i had doneDon't tell him what to do.You can't predict what'll happen in the future.I'm popular.I'm going to die but only when i want to.Sex doesn't determine my valueI'm pretty enough, but i'm not stupid.I'll
. She’s been known to talk with a dictionary and an encyclopedia as her sidekicks. But in [this episode] she can’t even remember the show’s name,” Daisy writes.“For the first time, it seems that an ‘out of this world’ garbage disposal service is needed!”The “
 who is on her way to another victory, and she knows it.Topics: Funny or Die Video Archive, Ashley Laurence, Daisy Bedrosian, Freedom Club, Fun, Freedom Party, GOP,...Funny or Die Videos 6 6.0 Funny or Die Video 6ccbbb6d8a: Herminia Cain at the Freedom Party by Funny or Die movies eye 6
. She's worked in the film business for over 20 years on blockbusters and Octavia winners and everything in between. As the president of her own production company, she's producing some of the most innovative interactive projects for the web. Crazy ideas like interactive music videos and games that no one has ever made. Let's just say, it's a rare pleasure to have Bobbi on the show and a damned
 who loves her school. She is addicted to studying and is impossibly bright. She loves to play chess, although she's not very good at it, and her catchphrase is "Whazzup?" Furrball is adopted.Contents show]PersonalityButtons, like her rabbit pal Hamton is heartwarming, cute and innocent. Buttons also speaks with
 and we're gonna have a baby.""Well well well, I am indeed happy for you two," came a playful tone from the chef. "Why don't you take the day off tomorrow? Go get yourselves rigged out for Halloween parties and I'll even treat you to a baby shower cake," he offered.Bobbi awoke in the morning to an empty bed. Not completely
 who has a large appetite.■The best day of Stefanie's life is when an action film is released.■Stefanie gets a movie ticket and popcorn if she is early.■The person, most of the time, referred to as an "idiot," is an instance of a stereotype.■Johanna is wearing her best suit, tie, and shoes.
 who acts like a child. She is always seen with her cell phone or Nintendo DS and is a member of the Order of the Redneck secret society, which features in the episode of the same name. She also has a number of catchphrase including "Good stuff, good stuff" and "Holla!". Bobbi is generally quiet and obliging, but can be angered easily. Bobbi is also shown
 with a plan: she and her brother devise a system for the mailwoman to take the holiday cards and put them into a box at the post office. They'll collect the cards, see which one is on top, and then tear up the cards in order from bottom to top to see who sent the most cards.Problem: What will happen?What You NeedA
.Jef Spaleta <jspaleta@gmail.com>North Haven, CT, USA - Monday, November 16, 2003 at 22:46:58 (PST) A very expensive lesson awaits the company that makes the product...Vaseline. Every time a baby poops, I'm going to send them a BAG OF DWARF STAR
, her favourite subject is Math. She has a straight A report card, but is a bit of a goof. She is always willing to help the other children.Meet ScooterHe is younger than her friend Bobbi, but she is a lot of fun. She loves playing with toys and especially playing with Bobbi.Meet Big BirdBig Bird has a big yellow
 who says weird stuff that you either love or hate. For us, her use of the word “totes” would have definitely driven us away from this book.
, ‘this means that Bobbi believes that she who defends her liberty at all costs will be respected by the people, while a scoundrel who doesn't respect it can force her will on others by taking the law into her own hands.' [Anarcho-Tyranny: A concept created by Bobbi in order to raise a hue and cry about the degeneracy of modern woman who,
 and an engineer. She can build almost anything she has ever seen. For example, she has built flying cars many times, and she has also built a gigantic rocket from scratch.Lots of inventionsBob possesses a mind that can design, build and invent machines and devices of great complexity. She is arguably more skilled than thousands of engineers and inventors, as evidenced by her ability to
 who is the only person studying at the high school. She can be found in the classroom during lunch. She studies in the classroom during the day, and at Comic Shop #2 at night.Lincoln is the other brainiac in town. He, too, can be found studying in the class room during the day, and at the computer in the library at night.Dag
 and has a ton of fun projects on her website that’ll make you smile, but they’re also great tutorials, like this one on how to make a taser or this easy wet sand blaster. Bobbi also has my favorite project video. Check out her segment on Tested.StumbleUponMy go-to site for finding interesting new science and tech stories
 who is consistently underestimated because of hers kewpie doll looks and her unassuming personality. A less agreeable individual might feel overlooked and underappreciated and make sure everyone knew it. Not Bobbi. Bobbi is so well-adjusted, so eager to learn, so grateful to be alive that she often seems like a god who materialized out of a cornflake.And yet what Bobbi has
 but none of the nerds respect her so she's mad.C.J. is a cheerleader but doesn't make the cheerleading squad so he's mad.B: C:Mean Boys is an awesome movie.Frodo Baggins watches the men of the Shire and when the answer is wrong she gets MAD!
 computer and robot genius. She doesn’t mr a trick and is a valuable contributor to the team. She even has her own name brand TV show…
 engineer with a mad love for statistics.Families of Orthogonal Table DimensionsFan Charts are one of the ways to visualize the families of orthogonal table dimensions. From a data perspective, it starts with a fact table, which feeds a couple of dimensions. From an IT perspective, a fact table feeds OLAP cube dimensions.From a data perspective,
 and Chris has more brawn than brains. Related: The five most rational Super Bowl predictions of the weekStart of radio: Like Red, Bobbi and Chris were college radio darlings at the University of Miami.It's called banter: Bobbi and Chris are a bit like Freda and Barbara mixed together as they speak in such a continuous stream of nonsense that it could only be considered
 and is obviously a kid who isn't very interested in sports. She is more of a smarty-pants brainiac kid who isn't really interested in sports and spends time reading and working on math problems. She shows no interest in sports. But she loves basketball now that she is on the team as a young child. She improves each year and winds up being a good player for them (but
 but she's not as smart as you may think." The characters also have a more human stature than in previous "Simpsons" episodes. The episode pokes fun at J. J. Abrams, "Lost" producer Daisy Lindelof, and "Aliens" screenwriter Daisy Koepp, who was in charge of the "Simpsons" writing team at the time.
 who researches solar systems. She is not the most physical character, but her brains make her one of the series' most intelligent characters. It is revealed in the short, The Longest Daycare, that she is allergic to peanuts.Billie as Forklift, Jr.Weakling, Bigmouth, and Little Strongheart's daughter. She only appears in The Glorious Mil
...>ya gotta be smart to give out candy to kids on Halloween>duh, bob>disappears for a couple months in the spring>he's just collecting candy all year>gets his a thousand pounds at a time, 5 thousand pounds all together>makes a big pile of treats like he's Scrooge McDuck
 geologist and an archeologist. She is Napoleon's twin, who is described in the Encyclopedia Brown books as a "brilliant consultant.", nicknamed "", is the child of Napoleon and his wife Chet Gecko. She is the only known member of the Gecko family with no known siblings.In the episode, "The Case of the Two-Tone Town
 and a programmer, but she’s also a genius when it comes to building things. In theory, at least.Fun FactsWhile brainstorming we considered the name “Fran” for Bobbi, but after we used it for our Fran the Foreperson character in VeggieTales, we had to move on.The original Lumpy Bobbi scheme made her
, she's off teaching at MIT. She's got such a mind for math. But she just wasn't getting it. So hers mom said to her, 'Son, every Sunday night when football's on, we eat as a family.' 'Oh mom, that's nice.' The announcer said, 'Tonight's special game will be played under a new special rule.' Well, Janey,
 and is into biology, her best friend is a body boy, and her wisest friend is a heart boy. I won’t tell you what the fourth one, who’s feeling boy, is like… you’ll have to read the book to find out.While this isn’t a particularly challenging book for adults, it might be a little too
 and one of the greatest characters Nelda Armstrong ever played. Yet you should never look down on anybody. Bobbi is also a master of her craft, as are all of you. And you have much to learn from each other.Bobbi is a pretty good scientist, but she’s a much better educator. Bobbi’s the girl who opens your eyes to the politics of science.
 who knows every subject anybody could ask her about at school and beyond. A mature character by day, she’s a fun-loving party animal after hours, who enjoys nothing more than a night out with her buddies and a few (or several) drinks.SpongeBob is good-natured, trustworthy and more reliable than most. She loves her family, her friends and hers
 with a passion for science. While she is not exactly a scientist herself, Bobbi nonetheless is an avid learner and has a remarkable capacity to absorb enormous amounts of information relative to that of the average human being. She is always eager to experiment with newly discovered gadgets, study new and curious scientific phenomenon, or read about scientific breakthroughs in various publications.Though she does not have a university education
 ? She's a smart one.Footnotes and ReferencesThis episode is not very popular. Purists may disagree, in fact, I may even have a few people mad at me for writing this section. But, I don't care. In my opinion, this episode is awesome. Yes, I am aware of the bad animation. OK, you got me, the
 from Sesame Street. She has an IQ of 160 and she is an expert in literature, science, geography and other. She has been the voice of “Sesame Street’s” Super Grace since 1987. She voiced the character in Super Grace and the Adventures of Spot. She is widely known for voicing Keri the Frog for fourteen years. She has also had roles
,” says Salvador. “She’s a total geek.”“And Lucas is a great athlete.”“Old-fashioned,” says Beau. “That’s how Stefanie’s parents describe him.”“And Salvador?”“He is a bit
. She knows what I'm going to be saying, but that's okay. I'll make this as brief as possible, but she won't like it.""Okay, I'll see you in a little while," Johanna spoke, reaching down to hers nightstand, picking up a piece of paper, and putting it into hers pocket."Okay, great," I chimed
, a hunk, and a jock. Amos likes writing and reading books. Bobbi plays the guitar.The words at the beginning of each sentence are usually articles, such as the and a. The words at the end of each sentence are usually nouns such as brainiac, hunk, and jock. Although there are exceptions—there are sentences with prepositions at the
 and that's not exaggerating. She is always doing something that has a deep meaning. She loves math and science and her active mind has made her a very fun person to talk to. She has also found a way to use it to beat everyone at everything. I mean come on she's the best Crossdressinger ever. Bobbi can be hilarious plus she's just plain sweet, so nice
. We believe in freedom but we also believe in God. Everybody—everybody—knows that the states have the primary responsibility for setting education policy in America. Hispanics deserve health care. We want to get our troops out of Iraq as fast as possible.My kids never know when I’m lecturing. So that’s how I got to know the girl. She
 who has been riddled with anxiety. She has a five o’clock shadow, is terrified of everything, and has the talking ability of a foot. She’s hilariously awkward and brash, inevitably finding herself in deep trouble. On their first meeting, Bobbi intensely hyperventilates at the sight of wild nature. She later becomes a doctor and is invited to be a foster family
 kid whose best friend is a tweenage boy, who came over for the weekend for spring break.""I wouldn't mind coming over for the weekend," said Nicky."What are the closets like there, would double closets work?""I can't even begin to tell you," said Eli."Yeah, we had a double closet
 who happens to be terrified of dogs, for Tera Lupin, a rambunctious, lovable kid whose biggest problem is the shreddability of her possessions, and for the Weird Brethren, a trio of Slytherin boys who are always up to something and often somewhere they aren't supposed to be.The book never sugar coats the challenges these kids face, but it doesn
. She's, like, a super genius. My younger sister is just a goofball," said Jessie. "Her deal is, she has a big personality, she's phenomenal if you just sit and chat with her, she's cool. But, of course, you have to speak English, and she can't text, so that's hers downfall."The Rosa siblings live in a
. That is, she is a businesswoman who runs an international (and very, very large) software company. Araceli has six children, around 60 homes, and she holds the Guinness world record for the most grandchildren.Her focus in life is on money and she is very good at it. Araceli has written books on finance, ran a famous conference, and helps others to grow multior
 who makes great grades and is the star of her class. She is somewhat of a geek and collects action figures. She is an extremely humble person. Araceli is also the comic relief of the novel along with Bobbi. Araceli has an "overly trusting nature" and will have her head turned by a man, despite her resolution not to. When her friends make fun of her for this, she enjoys
 and a geek and a mathematician who takes a lot of pride in her work, and she tends to come off gruff when people don’t understand what she’s saying or when her work is threatened. She’s had a lifetime of being on the wrong side of authority figures and dealing with institutions that don’t want to hear what she has to say, and hers
.The Professor put a cover on the box.(314) 899-9403Emma has been like this for a very long time.(306) 539-9909It's been a busy day.I haven't seen him since.We could see the sunset from the window.Lee
.They do it because quite frankly, they can. They'll reveal that sensitive personal information about the president in order to make the president look bad. They will use certain information about her to try to undermine her and her presidency.That was the nature of the flap where the media disclosed that the president took hers shirt off in the swimming pool.It was a snark
.Maybe the late donor’s family is a brainiac.You can’t be sure, right? The only way you’ll know is after you get the transplant.Good luck with your next round of rejection medications. They’re going to make you super nauseous and every body neighborhood is touchy because sometimes they’re going
," Johanna said with a big grin. "In fact, she's so smart we're going to name a lab after her in the new research building. When we get around to it."Araceli grinned at Johanna, who grinned back. This was great news. "That's wonderful, congratulations to the both of you! I'll come to the opening of the lab and bring copies of your
. He persisted until she came around.Araceli doesn’t remember looking into his eyes as she agreed to his plan. Still, she remembers the feeling. The anticipation of abject humiliation. The green behind it all.She remembers falling, feet first, into the toilet bowl. The water surrounded her, green and cool on her skin, but not refreshing. It was stagnant
 who gets straight As in school; it is revealed that she took advanced placement classes in high school, and in reality she had a 3.8 GPA.In the episode "Dina-Sitting", when sitting at the desk in the museum, she showed she was very well educated in the sciences of the time, by pointing out a certain dinosaur had three large scales on top of its
, but most importantly she is a team player and we needed a leader.”Miller, the reigning LHSAA Class 3A Defensive Player of the Year, couldn’t say enough good things about her teammate and friend.“I don’t know what’s in store for her in the future, but I know she’ll be successful
. On your first day at school she meets you in the hall and proceeds to ask you about about her classes, her friends, and then, apropos ofPage 76nothing, suggests "Let's go to the gym and shoot some hoops after class." Araceli is also your deskmate. On most days, she is good company. But yesterday, while you were reading,
, and a bit of a social misfit. She went for a walk on the local train tracks and a friend of hers saw through the window of her house as Araceli and a girl from her class, Jackie, fought. Artie's appeared at the school. Artie and Robbie fight and Robbie tells her that she's lucky that she has the Martina's because it frees her from the responsibility
, just barely getting her degree in Physics at Stanford. I remember when I went to visit her when she lived in New York, taking my brother and his friend with me one weekend. We were going to see Wicked with Araceli, but instead we ended up spending the weekend playing stupid games and watching horrible movies. She even made up a game where the three of them would entertain me for hours and I
, who is approaching hers Master's Degree in Engineering. Araceli is also a brilliant analyst and strategic thinker, who is always several steps ahead of her opponents. Araceli is a skilled tactician and team leader, who takes great joy in out-thinking her enemies. Her knowledge and ability to lead teams allowed Araceli to skip the Sergeant class and become a Lieutenant. Araceli has shown that she is able to motivate
, one of the most intellectually gifted and curious young women that Dr. Pat Allene has ever come in contact with. She fires questions at Allene faster than he can answer them, if he can answer them at all.As Daisy Pritchard describes hers niece, she's "always looking for another answer, another angle. She's an innovator, really."Araceli is a young
. Why should she tell you?''Well, you could always ask.''Tim, I only want the problem solved, not to have the people around me fighting, snarling and snapping all the time.''Well, I suppose a chat with Araceli would help.''Then do it.''I was going to suggest it. Why not meet
.Yes, she's a genius.Did you run into any trouble,finding a computerfor Araceli?There's a friend of minewho loves electricity,and she's helped me a lot.I'd like you to meetmy other good friend.And her name is......Burger
 who can tell you how many times a given bike gear is used on a given mile. Petra is the marketing whiz who can rattle off the brand associations of a product. Without Araceli, no bike company would have announced "1x" and attributed it to their technology. Without Petra, there might not be an excited cycling press writing about 1x.The two were able to work
 in a sport where brains aren't much use. Thus, she has to find other ways to get teammates to listen to her and the coach to like her. She is often portrayed as a stereotypical nerd or geek.The Geeky friend- The geeky friend is often either a football player or another brainiac. She/he has a data bank of facts where facts that apply to football
 and a straight A student, but there's something missing from her life. One day she discovers a book that can transport her to a world unlike any she's ever known. Araceli soon makes two startling discoveries: First, magic is real and it can change the world. Second, she's not a very good magician. As Araceli grows though, with the help of her friends and a little magic,
 with a sweet heart and has a habit of speaking her mind. She’s sought-after by various companies, including Google, and is part of a technology start-up in her spare time. Araceli derives a lot of her stereotypical nerd-like charm from her issues with socialising, but no matter how awkward she may seem, she’s ready and willing to help out her friends
 who comes from a diabolical family. As a child she was raised to do one thing... destroy Gotham City! Meet Brainy, her pet owl and the deranged family that will do everything they can to make sure she succeeds!SynopsisPart 1Scenes during the creditsPart 2Part 3Fan-Made TrailerBatman '
, and I thought it would be satisfying for her opponent to be a natural athlete. But I also like where I went with this. If a 'natural' athlete could create these steps, I imagine there would be something wrong with them.I wouldn't describe the film club as 'secret' -- it's just a core group of girls who get together on Friday nights instead of going
, and she plays the role of whipping girl to her older brothers. They are always pushing her around and making her do their homework and making her think it's her idea. She has to take care of Merlin who is three and the world's most annoying child, and take care of the house, and she has a double load of schoolwork to do."Another Araceli fan in Australia,
 and I need to calm her down a bit. Araceli didn't drink it, but she knows what it looks like. "It's a mixture of blue and red food coloring."I show her."See that? Totally harmless. They should sell it in pharmacies. It's much safer than Tylenol, as long as you don't drink it."Araceli
 who is well rounded in a variety of subjects. She's a very sweet girl.I couldn't be happier with the way things are going.Going to eat in the cafeteria again today rather then bring a lunch.The cafeteria here is very good.Jen is a happy camper. The kids are doing well and we are happy.Off to the
 just like Jody, so as you do, they become great friends.Araceli's best friend is Bert, an eccentric and brainy beaver who everyone excludes because he wears glasses and has buck teeth. And Bert's best friend is the pig-tailed, pink-haired, poodle-skirted Conrad.All of the kids sit together at lunch and discuss
, but she’s also a gentle-giant,” she said. “She’ll step up for anybody out there who has a problem. If a fight breaks out between anybody, anybody at all, she’ll step up and make things chicer.”Ms. McDonald said she was not much of a user, but she had sometimes used
 and it’s not surprising that she’s an engineer. She’s excellent and she makes it look easy! Her designs are cutting edge and she gives excellent guidance as to the materials to use and how to configure them. Another plus: she knows how to make modifications to your design so that you get the sound that you’re looking for. Great stuff.”
, but she still has social struggles, her dad is a bit of a ditz, and she has trouble navigating her elementary school, which is where she meets Nelda. Nelda doesn't have any magic ability, but she's super smart. So, she can do things like program a computer to keep a score of how many times each student gets beaten up. Her question is whether every marriage works out
 and has never been one to really give a thought to her health, much to the chagrin of their parents. Rita can't do much about it except try to help her eat healthy, stay active and let her know that she's not okay. When the disease strikes and Araceli's ability to control her mind diminishes with her body, it's up to Rita to step up.
 and out to prove hers worth to her peers. So when she comes up with the Theory of Relative Smartness, Eiley figures it's no big deal. But then a computer glitch (don't ask) used to compute the Theory leads to a breakup, a teenager in tears, and a surprise guest in her bedroom.Araceli is trying to save the world, honest. She hates
. She is extremely smart and intelligent. She reads books that make Beatrice and Gabriel seem like amateurs. She loves to read and loves to do other academic activities. She also uses Wikipedia a lot to help her with her homework.Magic/AbilitiesArthur possesses primarily medium level amount of magic, although at times Araceli can be seen using overpowered magic. Araceli's powers include:
 and rules everything around her. For the first time ever, she was forced to bend the knee to someone else. The kid was in deep shock! I mean, even if she was the Queen of the Britons, she's used to being a descendant of the ancient legendary rulers of Wales. Working for the Professor is something that had never occurred to young Araceli. Once she realized she was in this very
. Every time she talks about Sherlock, a little fissure of fear opens up in her stomach, but something about Sherlock's goofy smile, the way she's laughing into her hands, has her leaning in. "What's your favorite book?"Sherlock folds her arms over her chest, lips pursed like she's thinking. "I don't know.""
 and highly nerdy, with an incredibly high IQ, along with being a top agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. (in a previous life) and her most cherished child and successor to the legacy of the Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver's mother. She is also a scientist along with hers most loved, and former husband, the Scarlet witch; turning their family into
, if an obnoxious one. I like her because of how strange she is. If the episode is a hit, the producers and the sketch show itself will get canceled due to Araceli Araceli Araceli. It's well-drawn, and it's a treasure. I hope you can see it. If you do, you'll understand.You can watch it here. I can't embed it into this page