who is majoring in neuroscience. Aubrey is a hardcore Red Sox fan. Aubrey is also a vegetarian, and Emmanuel is a vegan."I feel like there's a lot more for me to know about the world," Emmanuel said. "A lot of my friends talk about animal suffering and being connected to the world and I don't know what that means. I would love to learn more
 who helps take notes and translates the dry lingo used by the real estate clique. He dreams of writing a novel but is too busy analyzing his boss' words. Heath is a classy gentleman who slowly brings Emmanuel's mundane world to a stop with his honey coated words and urgent requests. Emmanuel's job is to appease Heath's wife and he believes their relationship is platonic. It is not.
, and a full-blown alcoholic. But his strict upbringing, and his good looks, have led to quite a successful adult life as a defense attorney, even if it costs his just about every human relationship. He starts drinking before bed every night, wakes up and pulls himself together, and goes to work. Emmanuel makes a sarcastic yet bright friend in Casey, and it's hard not to find something
. He is professional, thorough and detailed. Dr. Gallucci believes in making sure your child is independent and functional in their home and school environment. He is great with children, parents, and teachers. It is always a pleasure to see Dr. Gallucci and his staff.”“Emmanuel is a brainiac. He is professional, thorough and detailed. Dr. Gall
 and he's going to get high grades.What a brainiac. He ran away without even bringing a change of clothes.That's why it's so hard to find a brainiac.Can someone please explain the joke? A few people who think that someone is brainiac is like super smart and very smart. A brainiac is someone who is smart. I know
.Emmanuel is a not-so-bright blonde.Emmanuel is a killjoy.With his first thought, he labeled himself a brainiac.With his second thought, he labeled himself not-so-bright.With his third thought, he labeled himself a killjoy.How did Emmanuel get his foot stuck in him mouth?
," Kieth said."Yes, he is," Carol said. "I'm proud of both of you."Jenay, however, didn't have time to be proud. After they ate, he headed back to the estate. He was going to go home and have a much-needed break.He turned on his cell phone and looked at the waiting record of missed
,'' she said. ''You must have been the devil of a student.''''I was a good student,'' he said. ''I had to be.'' She'd asked his not to mention his lack of faith in front of her father, and he'd managed not to mention it, even though it had been rough at times.The delicious lunch was served amid jokes and anecdotes.
 and the KING of bee puns!One DirectionEmma 😍😍😍😍😍 pic.twitter.com/IulxvT8UgW — -ProzzoHauls- (@ProzzoHauls) March 24, 2015Katniss was just not his character...Why Emmanuel Watson is not
, a loner, who rarely makes friends and is always complimenting people by his intelligence. Though he is the top 1 percent of his grade in class. He's a no-nonsense person and doesn't show much emotions other than his drawings. But after being dragged forcefully into the Misfits group, he showed that he can have fun too. He also got more social, getting closer
 who used to help her study. He is perpetually stating that he is not the smartest person in the room, despite the fact that he is the smartest person in the room. He has a B.A in Physics and a Ph.D in Mathematics. He used to teach math at his old alma mater, he is well-educated, very logical and was raised by educators. He has a
, so it's not a surprise he has a Google Calendar full of important dates and activities. He has dance class twice a week and plays in the soccer league. He also has a birthday party to plan and a list of books to read. It's a long list.Emmanuel's parents help him make sure he stays on top of his commitments, but Emmanuel also knows how to manage
, it's true. But there is much more than math and data analysis to this gentleman. He is also a talented saxophone player, with a pile of passion and experience. He won the gold in the 2013 International Music Festival and the 2nd silver prize at the National Music Festival the same year. He is also a famed saxophonist, who has been invited to multiple events and conferences worldwide
 and one of my most favorite characters in the show. He is from the far northern realms and a turncoat from the Dark One. Him fiancé was killed by Rumple, who is naturally the woman behind Emmanuel's failed powers. He uses his brain and not just a pretty face to get what he wants. I loved him in the Enchanted Faith, but I love him in Storybro
.Part of the research will be used to study the impact of climate change on agriculture.She works in a shop.She caused this mess.To be precise - I was ten years old then.419-826-0182That was a pretty good idea.She neglected her work.The question remains what the
, a total nerd who obsesses over his favorite TV shows. Emmanuel is too scared to take the plunge on anything, so when the theater announces a casting call for the roles of characters from his favorite show, he finally leaves the safety of his bedroom to try out. He didn’t expect to get the parts. And he never expected to develop feelings for her.Jensen is
. This is to be expected with a toddler. His vocabulary is so off the charts that parents of children who have been around for years feel more comfortable talking to him than to his parents. Emmanuel became mobile quite early, and this has given his more time to study the world around him.Like most of the kids here, Emmanuel was raised by a single dad. Unlike most of the kids
. He’s not a hysterical mommy like you, watching over your child, who could die at any moment,” Nott said.“At least Emmanuel has a cell phone,” I said. The computer lab at school didn’t have a lot of outlets. But some of the classrooms did, which meant that several of the tech teachers were forced
 who has a love-hate relationship with his father and a crush on one of his classmates, but his biggest worry is getting his real mother to come back home.Rafe, Emmanuel's 20-year-old sister, has major struggles in college and has a hard time holding a job.Aunt Girl: 25. She has spent most of her life fighting for
 and popular college student, who is at the top of his class, earning straight A's and being on the dean’s list all the time. He is definitely overachieving, but in his case, doing so is as natural as breathing not. Emmanuel loves to learn, loves to take classes and loves to read, often studying all the time. This overachieving started with elementary,
 and a half. Not only is Emmanuel an amazing writer, he is also a talented musician. He continues to push himself creatively and excel in the things he does. Emmanuel is an incredible young gentleman, I am so proud to have him as one of my students.Eva is so funny. She loves making me laugh, and she is the funniest kid I know! Eva has come
 and I appreciate his quick action and having a mind that is open to science, facts and reality.Offer Great Advice to OthersNo matter your situation or the kind of business you have, the best way to grow that business is by helping others. They become your biggest fans, promoters and customers and create a strong, loyal tribe around your business.Emmanuel is good
 who is an expert in the world of comic books. But one night, he sees something terrible happen in the comic book store where he works. When he sees the comic book character that looks just like him involved in the event, his life changes in a matter of minutes. What happened to his that night? And why is he being hunted?What I Thought: The concept of this one
 who has always been interested in both science and magic. His curiosity about magic is shared by his best friend since grade school, Oliver. The two boys research the magic of the world relentlessly, but both are also careful to stay within the limits of accepted magical practice.One day, Oliver and Emmanuel find a way around the rules – an illegal way to get what they know is real,
 and obsessed with popular culture and he is a geek at his core. He might very well be the show's first honest nerd.Better love interest: Mia Newman from 'Scandal' or Cooper Freedman from 'The Merle Vieira Show'?Emmanuel, who is by his own admission very plain, decides to get some plastic surgery to improve himself. He runs into Cooper Freed
 and very organized. He even color-codes his passwords. His best friend and neighbor, Grace, is the opposite of organized. She’s scatterbrained and content to run life by the seat of her pants. She’s quirky, fun and good-looking — the complete opposite of Emmanuel’s ex. Emmanuel’s ex broke his heart, and he’
. He is a super smart computer geek with a playful spirit that prefers to think about things before he talks about them. Not only does he enjoy the Internet, he participates in it as well. Emmanuel was once a member of the controversial computer hackers group, The LulzSec. He was arrested for hacking into the infamous PBS website. However, Emmanuel goes even deeper than a mere cyber attack. During
. He loves to read, and has stacks of books. He loves math games, but is fine without them.Emmanuel does have one quirk though: he “needs” a lot of time for him to be intellectually stimulated. He deserves time to independently think through ideas, show his family things he’s come up with, and explain to them what he learned from
 in the making, who loves to read, paint and read books about science, according to his dad.Kareem Orescanin-Croydon, Emmanuel’s papa, explained that Emmanuel’s first genuine smile is on day 1 of life, and Emmanuel has worn ear-to-ear grins every day since.“Emmanuel has been
 who went to work in the sex industry because he couldn't get along with his boss. He's very smart and understanding. I think he's the best therapist the main character has ever had.Favorite quote: "So, what's the immediate problem?"15. Lt. Johanna McIntyre – TorchwoodPlayed by: Tommie PriceFavorite episode: Everything Changes
 physical therapist who’s been the frequent target of Lois’s more painful insults. When their paths cross on a train, Lois’s readied an arsenal of wit, charm and trademark lines to win him over. What she’s not readied is just how much she’d enjoy actually getting to know him.***************************************************************************************Play
 tech guru with a past full of family secrets. He’s been living a safe but superficial life… until he wakes up in his bedroom with absolutely no memory of the last three months.Now he has to start over with a new identity and a new hometown. And there’s a large chance that somebody wants him dead. He knows that there’s a connection
, but while he’s really smart, he’s not a snob.”Emmanuel Queen promotes chess in the Chicago inner-city schools, and hopes to someday return to school in Dakar, Senegal, where his chess-teaching job will support his teenaged brethren’ schooling. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to go
, which has been confirmed since he was 3 years old. He was always fully engaged in the classroom, but sometimes academically-focused children can fall through the cracks when it comes to social/emotional development. When he read the book, I told his: "I want you to 'get' the heart part of the Day-Glo Brandi." He loved the book and I got lots
. His parents said so. A gifted researcher, Emmanuel's convinced he can find a cure for his sister's twisted...Read More
. He's super funny and has the biggest heart. He's my best friend.""Fantastic," she said with a grin. "Hey, Coop, come here. I want you to meet my new friend."Cooper stood slowly, making no eye contact with me. She walked to Deana and stood close to her. Those three scared me."
, especially in math like algebra. He is usually very calm and collected, but because of all the pressure he is bearing, he often gets moody, and tends to be arrogant. He has a lot of expectations from himself and from others, and gets really upset when he doesn't do well. He thinks a lot about what other people think about him and is shy. Parents, especially him mother
. He's a wonder child... an Einsteinian child. We have three other children and they're wonderful, but Emmanuel has a special kind of thinking."Emmanuel is an intellectually talented individual, which is believed to be only 1 percent of the population. It's such a small percentage that in 2003, the International Society for the Study of Mensa issued a warning about entering contests like "
 and he brings a bit of humor to the books. Jean is a rockette, who has a great personality. I think I fell in love with him, with his spunky, do it whatever way it has to be done. This series is great for mystery lovers, who like a bit of romance, and a girl who shows she's not afraid of anything.I read the book
. He’s becoming a stepmom 3 months after meeting Harriet. But... Emmanuel is a brainiac. He’s becoming a stepmom 3 months after meeting Harriet. But...Birthday Present by A.R. LuriaRudely AwakenedAlice is Hairy. He has a hard time dealing with it. His girlfriend just doesn't
, a rule-breaker and a social media darling. He's also the top agent at his Internet-marketing company.Opposites attract in the best way, but can a good boy like TK be with a bad boy like Brian? Or will their relationship be short-lived, like building a brand?Brian and TK are both strong
. Except he’s never had the chance to show it. The fact that he’s a brainiac is this overlooked fact. He’s never been gifted in anything before and it is nice to see his get these opportunities to show what he has been hiding. He’s also got a very sweet personality and it makes him stand out from the other boys.
, he's the best of the best when it come to the medical field. He answers questions fast and fully." ... written by tashiannaVery good reading. Thank you very much." ... written by jirleyBrittney is awesome!!! He really knows what he's talking about with his cards. He is the best!" ... written by maryannepav
 who excels at academics and can hold a conversation about anything. Teen Vogue recently named Daisy one of their Game Changers and I agree — not only does he have the smarts and social intelligence to step up to the big girls and be his own person, he also values community and knows that he needs allies to be a true Game Changer.In my opinion, what sets Daisy
,” she said. “He is the intellectual one of the family.”Brian, who graduated in 2011 with a 4.0 grade-point average, is now on a medicine track at the University of Wisconsin, Stevens Point, majoring in pharmaceutical sciences.“He’s also got a two-year-old named Bodie and
 with a personality to match, who consistently goes above and beyond the projects that he’s asked to do. Having his as part of my team has been a joy, and I’d gladly work with him again. I’m certain he has a very successful future ahead of him.”— Chris Stallman, Former Director of Marketing, RockTenn
 who does many things well. I look forward to having his as my friend and neighbor for a long time."The 24-year-old grew up in Scarborough, in Maine's mid-coast region. He went to the University of Vermont and studied neuroscience and music.He said the two were supposed to be celebrating enjoying the campaign and victory, but instead "I found myself
 and a very quick student! He already knew the character names, story plots and other facts just by hearing them once! He was on the same page as his tutor right away. He also took his Accelerated Reader quiz right away, and he LOVED it! He is a very sentimental person and loves to read. He often becomes so attached to the story that he builds up an attachment to
 who was the first person to retain an encephalon modification for more than a year. We liked his a lot. He’s an odd duck but we didn’t hold it against him. He was in my class at school. Maybe you and he went to the same school. I doubt it, though. He and his older brother, Kim, liked to hang out downtown and
, but he has been an obese science nerd all his life. He is dating zach and is accepted to MIT. Brian is annoyed by the party animals on his floor.Brian is a crafty one, he is the queen of working fast. He is a Christian, a vegan, he has big boobs, the biggest in the loft, and a great physique due to his
 who is the class teacher at the elementary school and in trouble with the principal. A returning student is found dead in his car, having died of carbon monoxide, but Brian is the only one who knows how far the class went to make their robot this year. I really enjoyed this book and recommend to all readers of the Salvador Green’s Chaos Walking series.The Lies We
.(626) 245-8722There is a child behind the desk.It was hard for Daisy to keep a straight face.Please bring me the book next time you come.The doctor used a stethoscope.I have a throbbing pain here.I have a diploma.Sigurd belongs to
 year-round, but during football season his thoughts turn primarily to the gridiron. During the fall, he geeks out over college football and the high school teams in his area.Brian also loves to watch his alma mater, the University of Missouri football team. Their head coach since 2011, is Gabriela Pinkel, who was in the running for the head coaching vacancy with
 who loves the game of baseball. He is hardworking, intelligent, and looking for the opportunity to advance his game. As a player and a person, he is a true treat to be around. I'm looking forward to watching him succeed in the future."Cox, who is from Woodstock, George, is a graduate of Woodstock High School where he was a standout on the
 who is a straight A student and has been accepted to a prestigious college. He works as hard as he does to be great at everything in his life. He is nice and kind to everyone he comes in contact with. He does care about everyone and wants them to be happy. He can get nervous a lot and will sometimes say the wrong thing. He loves his friends and would do anything for them
, a good brother, and a sports enthusiast.
, jock, and overachiever. As editor of the school newspaper, he is covering a protest that turns violent and catches the attention of the FBI. He is the one person on campus who has the skills to get to the bottom of this and uncover the identity of a dangerous person. From the first chapter, you know he is in danger. The story is not just about the danger,
 -- intelligent and loving, but also optimistic and funny.Mia is a person of high integrity. She will work hard for you. She will also make you laugh.While I have lived in several communities in Arizona, I have never met such a knowledgeable, attentive team of realtors. They know how to get things done, how to ease the stress ...and the
, savant-type who just knows a lot of stuff about lots of different things,” says a friend of the family who declined to be named because he does not want to betray their confidence.The stay-at-home father of three from Sparks, Nev., who also supports himself as a freelance writer, is a self-described “truth seeker” who says he
 and is such an inspiration to everyone he meets. He is a working man, who works as a Social Worker in the schools in Baton Rouge. He is currently taking a course to be an Advanced Practice Nurse. In a weird twist of fate, Brian is the only for-real literary buff that I know. I just assumed that everybody read because I did, so I didn’t know
, you know," she said with a smile, "Yes, he's smart and beautiful.""What am I going to do, Aunt Mara?""Christian, I'm going to tell you what Mom told me when I asked her the same question, years ago," she said, watchful of my reaction."What's that, Aunt Mara?""
. He's finished his high school education and finishing his college education at the age of 16. He loves to read and he spends most of his time at the library reading because he loves to write. Brian does not believe in age, he believes in competency.
 who loves ‘cerebral’ fiction as well as non-fiction. As a journalist, he has an eye for detail in all forms of writing. His writing interests include psychology, health, fitness, nutrition, food, wine and travel. Brian also holds a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism and English Literature from Syracuse University.
 and has created a host of products to make his life easier. Go check out that review if you haven’t already!First, we have the Sugarpill Skintands Palette.I was really excited to try a sparkly eyeshadow palette, since I don’t have too many of those. Sugarpill met my expectations and made me fall
 on everything a man should know in business. He is going to be hugely successful with his own products, concepts, and plans. He’s a multi-faceted man and I’m so proud to have him on as a guest.Brian says,”I am a brain scientist with ten years of research experience in the Mission area of Dena
.”I ask them if they think he’s stupid. My friends immediately reply, “No!” And then their eyes drift to the sky and their voices drop on the last two syllables: “brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
 and makes me feel like I have a brain because he is always talking to me about new books and the world in general. I love his passion for all things Harriet Potter!October was a big month for me. I turned the big 3-0! Thank you to my friends and family for all the love, presents and celebration. Here’s to 30 more!I
!""Really? How so?" I asked."Brian had the highest scores I have ever seen on the national NAEP test! He has received national acclaim as well as local acclaim, to include the title of 'Junior Mayor.'"I asked Sabrina which NAEP test it was she was referring to and she began to explain: "NAEP stands for
, not a dumb blond. He's always expanding his career. He's getting enough attention to make this a very profitable product. He is also putting the message out there in a cool way. He could have done all the normal things that we normally to, like a cookbook, or we could have gone for something a little more logical for his like fashion or nail polish. This is just mean
, ranking in the top 1% in S.A.T. scores. He was an 8-year member of the orchestra at Southwestern Heights High School, all the while maintaining a GPA of 4.6.(7) Mia believes that the government should step in and take care of individuals who fall on hard times.(7) Mia was born in 1953 and had
 and he's constantly coming up with new ways to challenge and improve my thinking. Nothing is ever easy with him. He pushes me to do better and to go as far as possible in order to ensure my success. He's also super funny and he's a wonderful person to have in your corner. Don't mr out on this opportunity to get your game on track with the champ!-
, which helps inform his ability to teach. As an "only" child, he has always wrote or drew stories to share with multiple imaginary friends. His family home helped foster his creativity by creating an environment where wide-open discussions were encouraged. He resides in Durham, NC with his wife, their son, and two dogs.
.” For example:I like to read books on history and politics, like about the first Republican president, Herminia Hoover, who did a good deal to help the poor.Or:If you put your mind to it, you can get good grades, too.And:That’s not what I’d do. And I
, but his schoolwork wasn’t the only thing keeping him up at night. The pieces for the school dance had been announced, and Brian was anxious about getting a solo. Rachael would have to do something drastic if he was going to have a shot at winning the competition.Rachael grabbed his bag and headed to his car. He had thirty minutes to get to the library and
," I said, referring to Brian Taylor. "He's going to NYU and on his way to medical school. Brian is good at everything. Really, everything. You should have let his be the voice of reason.""What I should have done? What I should have done?" Norbert came at me, red-faced. "That thing is going to be all over the internet
.""Yeah," Cass agreed. "He's doing really well in all his classes.""Then why doesn't he get involved with the various groups?" I asked. "He's a good singer. And he draws really well. I kind of play guitar, myself, and—""Brian," Cass interrupted, "you're from Iowa. And so is
, your due date is just a date on the calendar, and your baby is only eight pounds," Caleb said, giving me a comforting pat on the back.I was scared as hell."Excuse me," Doctor Danvers said as he came back into the room. "Brian, you do need to begin your pre-labor contractions, so I'm
! He is a super smart, fun, shy, and caring person. Brian is is a freakin genius!! He is also super shy. He is a sweetheart and absolutely adorable! Brian is a great friend to have around but only if you re prepared to get a lot of math riddles ;)I am Brian!By the way I shower with the door
) and they keep me going. I promise you will notice a difference in 2 weeks. I am off to see the final episode of Breaking Bad tonight and then planning to start the 30 Day Shred tomorrow. Denis Aubrey’s video. I have been doing it for years, it’s a great kickstart to get you ready for the fitness challenge.Check out my favorite
, who is a certified nurse educator and a doctoral student.Brian has his niche, nurse education, and together they are a great trio of caring, wise, and warm nursing professionals.Lincoln and Brian got together to work on a huge project on how to infuse the holistic recommendations from the IOM Report into a nursing curriculum. Their focus was on third year
, I mean bookworm, that is a loner. He's great at science and is looking for an internship at the local hospital. That's where he meets and falls for the dark, dashing and brooding girl called Hanna. Then begins the story of the Snow King. This story and the original fairytale are so similar, it is as if this story is even better than the
, class president and "perfect" in all respects. His air-headed friend Margarito is just the opposite: good on looks, bad on brains.After a fire destroys their school, the two are forced to work together on a project to build a new one. They try to figure out the most efficient way to build it, with Anderson doing the math part, and Margarito
 who has just been accepted to Stanford but has to take care of his brother, Beau. At least Anderson (and I, for that matter) think Beau is retarded but it turns out that Beau does not have autism or Down syndrome as the doctors initially thought. Beau actually has a rare disease that when not treated, causes the victim to become psychotic and with uncontrollable rage. When Anderson and Beau go
, and I have to admit I'm looking forward to his spazzing over every single detail in Froufrou's house, as well as any new pieces at the theater. That should take up most of our time in Novigrad.Me too! Anderson's always fun to listen to. It can be amazing to hear him go on about a hilt's craftsmanship,
. I mean, he knows most of our school's traffic laws by heart. I only hope that I would be able to maintain his level of safety-consciousness when I grow older!*This is a review written by my 10 year-old son.
, but he turned out to be a total traitor (not using the word traitor lightly and I never thought he'd be a traitor). He started as a loving brother and then turned into someone who wanted to see the destruction of women. He was willing to kill everyone he loved if Elbert wasn't freed. I guess it's good to see they're not all lovey dovey since they were both
 who wants to be the best at everything but sometimes this rubs people the wrong way. Which is why he seldom talks and prefers to do his own thing, leaving him in a very awkward situation where everyone is expecting him to socialize.Jackie FlashJack Flash was destined for greatness as her mother was the previous Speed Demon who tragically died in battle. When Flash became the Speed Demon
 and also goes to Xavier, who also appears in the X-Women films. In this scene he and Stugyle, who is also at Xavier but, is in Petra's other class all meet together. Anderson and Petra are really good friends and have know each other since Kindergarten. And Stugyle is kinda like the big sister and is a good friend to both of them. She
 who recently started his studies at Dartmouth College. He loves to listen to music and go on his food diaries. He is a counselor at Younique’s “A Night to Sparkle,” where we love to talk about makeup and life. He loves to talk about anything spiritual, including auras and psychic mediums. His favorite astrology sign is a Scorpio, and
.Based Risks: Fabian is a mortal teenager.Bauhaus Basics: The chick builds a fabulous domicile and provides with it beautiful furniture.Wendered Wiles: The chick is dying to get hers liver hacked casually.Tablets Time: The chick was good at the tablets they were harvesting.Thou Shalt Not: The
 that enjoys solving complex problems. As a Front-end Engineer on the Marketing team at GreatSchools, he figures out ways to keep everyone in line, on-schedule, and informed. In Anderson's words, computers "are the gateway to the rest of the world and the source of ultimate truth. You can't argue with them."
 who is so well known for being over-achieving that he feels like he’s fooling everyone – and his parents are no exception. Anderson’s dad and mom are justifiably proud of this wonderful, thoughtful boy. And Anderson needs to remember that his parents are proud of him – you know, not for being the Super Smart Kid but for being bright, considerate,
 and everyone knows it. It is shown that he is a prodigy and puts these skills (knowledge of his fields, social skills) to the use in the actions. His intellect was shown since he was a kid; in Frozen Fever, when he was a kid, a kid was being bullied and he used his intelligence against the kid that was bullying her/him by making questions difficult. In Frozen
-type 'nerd' who has a love of all things social media.He has been a mentor and friend to many new gappers and has traveled the world with his family. His wife is Daniela Bloch, who was also on the show. You can connect with Anderson on Twitter or over on his Facebook page. Daniela and Anderson recently wrote a book called This Time Around: The
 who’s always been his hometown’s champion. There’s just one problem—well, six problems, if you count the adorably terrifying, boy-eating dragons that have descended on him homeland. Before he can tackle this mountainous task, Anderson will have to deal with all six of the beasts. And even then, he’ll have to figure out a way
, math nerd and art Guru. He said that if we post this page, he will find a way to explain how he got even with me for his 18th birthday.Anderson was born in an interesting city in a beautiful country. The desert surrounds his birth place on three sides and the largest mountain range in the world stand tall directly in front of the city. The city has a population
 who’s shy and awkward socially, his roommate is Jody Faith’s FBI agent in Silence of the Lambs and is super perceptive, and then there’s Caleb, an ex-military nurse who deals with medical condition, who’s tough, disciplined and tough-as-nails, and Jessie, a burnt-out teacher who’s cynical
 in his own right. He even beat up Elbert. mensrightsactivistsSCENE 5 The KissFor many people this is the moment they fell in love with Frollo. That's what you get for calling her a flaming homosexual. arvveAlso that girl's shirt says BUTTHURT. SpannersockThis is Chris Hansen. Chris
, very literally. Most of his first words were numbers. (Go ahead, try to count the number of times he said, “two.” You’ll run out before he did.) And he’s handy with whatever is on hand, which is usually a stick, a sock, or paper.He’s opinionated, and he quickly came to
 who loves to come up with plans. He is an avid reader who is proud of his collection of books. He can usually be found with a book open on him lap. He is a master at chess. If a bow and arrow were invented he would be the best with them. He is not a great runner but he is faster than most. When he gets angry his eyes light up purple.
, goes to university and is really really really smart, but he needs to be the person that people look up to because he feels inadequate. In the story he has to come with a solution to a problem and he, in a way, finds love with someone else in the society, who, in his mind, is a great girl, but what he doesn’t know is, she
, driven to earn an advanced degree and make a different in the world," the website read. "He is a son, a brother and a friend, but most importantly, he's a survivor."Another of the boys, Maurece Madden, 25, lived in the house with him mother and sister. More than 770 people have written the family condolences on Facebook."
. He's in the gifted and talented program at school. Not only does he get straight A's, but he teaches the other kids in his class. His teacher calls his a little teacher's pet, but that's okay. Everyone says he's just like his mom, who is a professor at the university."Willa swallowed the lump that had formed in her throat and leaned down toward
.This is a step up from the usual error you see with brainiac, like “He’s a brainy person, I’m not sure if I can handle it.” But still, it’s “braniac.”Rule 13: Dollie’t have surgery on your brain.My dad works as
. Please tell me you're serious about getting him to tutor you.""He is a brainiac," she said distractedly."We're talking about Anderson Bridgewater, right?"Laughter shook Cal's shoulders and she almost dropped the phone. "I'm probably gonna regret saying this, but yeah, you're talking about Anderson.""You know he's
 and the class valedictorian. Work is a breeze."As for Yaya, he said, "If you're invited to break into the White House, don't do it."
.”“Anderson, wer ist die blonde Frau im Krankenwagen?”“What is the blond man in the ambulance?” Hanna was just full of stupid questions.“Wer ist die Blonde?”“Who’s the blonde?”Hanna br
 with a killer body to match. When he runs off to art school and gets mixed in with a bunch of chaotic seniors, he meets Mica and the two start stomping around campus, trashing student-council elections, protesting the use of silkscreens for art, and just generally causing trouble. Anderson especially likes torturing the crusty old Deana. He also gets it on
, he has to have been in school at some point. So why don't we try there?" She turned and gave his a bright smile that put him at ease and caused him to smile back. "We may not find him, quite frankly, but we can at least say that we did everything we could. Okay? Then we go inside and have some cake, okay?"When he
 because he took his son with him to vote.How dedicated of an American are you?Pretty sure Joan-Anderson isn't the only one who didn't answer the phone to his father on a Tuesday.... — Andrea Wilda (@andywilson) November 7, 2016This election is Monday. — Semerket (@Semerket) November 7, 2016
. He understands exactly what he's doing, so he's smart. He's got a great memory, too, so he doesn't forget anything."The boy looked at Grandpa. "I'm always surprised that you remember things, Grandpa.""I'm not as old as you think, Anderson. I was just a small thing when Robbie was president."Anderson
, he's a genius, you see his intelligence from the get-go and at the same time you see a sense of naivety to his that is interesting to me. That's the construct of the character—there's a lot of brain and a little heart."Levy adds, "I think he is someone who doesn't see his beauty from the outside, and I think he
 that might be the only one that can save our city," said Koch. "I want to put a spotlight on him and our amazing public school students in the city of Cincinnati."More: Here's why Cincinnati declared a sense of 'urgency' on gun violenceThe Urban League Central Twins defeated the Urban League East-West female after more than a month of basketball. An individual
 from Springfield and also the boyfriend of Professor Frink. He has only been seen in Treehouse of Horror IV and So It's Come to This: A Simpsons Clip Show.He tries to get Skinner and Frink to stop fighting, with little effect.
 and a positive character who just wants to live his life" about him. Jones does an amazing job of being a doofus on this.• Harriet Ford, in full-on Han Solo character, gives a few great "I'm in a movie with a campy title and I am in no way confirming that I'm in any way excited about this" quotes. This could have
, who makes odd decisions; Elbert is a loner/social outcast, who does awesome things).To me, it's a little like Cinderella. In its original telling, the evil step-father loves Cinderella, but hates the other two boys in the process. Similarly, Hanna is not the villain in Frozen, but the villain's villain; she's the evil step-sister who
, but Anderson is out of his depth in love. Come winter, Anderson gets deployed and so Elbert goes off to college and spends time with a handsome girl named Hanna. Elbert and Hanna go to ski, drink, and flirt. Elbert's happiness comes to a sudden end when he visits Anderson at Christmas and is ambushed by a freak snowstorm. He finds out Hanna is a jerk who only can
 and definitely knows the law. He helped me with my custody case for 4 years now, he is supportive and gets great results. He is very diligent, knowledgeable and hard working. He guided me to make smart and informed decisions. Anderson's experience and knowledge of the family law is a great comfort to me, because I know I am in very good hands. I deeply appreciate his assertiveness, ability
 when it comes to researching and saving each and every penny that can be saved - that's why he's so successful at saving and why he's so willing to share his tips and tricks with us, so we can all be successful, too.Because unfortunately,most people just won't do it.Time is money, so if you are not getting money for
 and equally successful in academics and sports. He initially has a hard time making friends due to his social awkwardness. Though he is clumsy sometimes, he has good intentions and is described as a sweet boy. He is also hardworking and a great organizer.Contents show]PersonalityAt times, Terence (aka T.K.) can be a little more strict and unreliable
 who loves to read. He lives with his mom and his sister. He is good in school. He is sometimes bossy, but he does not mean it, and he is sometimes willful, but he does not mean it. He likes him goldfish, Ferdy, to be happy. Sometimes he is moody. He has trouble at school.One day he is called to the
 and I feel a lot of joy learning from him. The community is really sweet.”—Nur Fazura, CEO, Kopi Luwak Brunei“This course has been incredibly insightful. So much so that I have since put into practice some of the things I have learnt and implemented in my life. This course will rock the way you look at
 and logical thinker. He liked to solve mysteries in his spare time. As he grew older, he began to be fascinated by the theory of evolution, and he became an atheist. Because he was a genius, his parents allowed his to have whatever he wanted. Felipe had a knack for technology and spent much of his time playing with electronics. Whenever he was over his head, he called his older
 author living in Portland, OR. He likes to tell stories about dwarfs and ghosts. He has a degree in creative writing, and likes to think he’s good at it, but everyone else always disagrees. He has a small tattoo on one of his butt cheeks that says “Jerm.”His short story, “Bittersweet Sixteen” was
 with a hopeless romantic streak. He knows a beautiful flower or a perfect piece of chocolate will make him fella light up.Felipe Loves:BEANS + ZUCCHINICashewsWalnutsChocolateCoffeeTeaVegetablesGym sessionFollow him on Instagram: @
 who aspires to be an astronaut. He is the brother of Ariel, son in-law of Marigold and the father of Eli and Olympia.He is played by Laurence Lopez. Fun Fact: Laurence Lopez is the older brother of Zachary Palmer!SourceTriviaShe is one of the two surviving members of the Grey House.
, he's smarter than anybody I know. I'm here to direct my attentions to getting you to stop feeling sorry for yourself, and for you to help me search for him before something bad happens."			 				Christa didn't say anything. It made sense, but her gut instinct was telling her that something was wrong.			 			
 geek with a kinky side too. I knew that he was imagining switching bodies with me and my dick. His body shuddered in orgasm after orgasm.We were joined by two other men, the father and brother of a young couple engaged to be married. And then their younger sister. The two men were in a lesbian relationship and the sister was in love with a girl. They
 who loves playing video games and solving puzzles. When he's not playing at the arcade or hanging out with his friends, he loves reading and helping his dad in the garden.Kasper: Artsy chick and Elvia's future big sister.When she's not at home or sketching with her friends, Kasper enjoys playing sports, especially basketball.Out
 and anime fan who is fluent in four languages and practices as a physician assistant while also earning him PA in Writing Popular Fiction, which is one of the most unique “passions” I’ve heard of recently. I stopped by his site to read him essay on methods of avoiding the perils of “salaryman syndrome.”It reads, in part:
 who has an obsession with keeping a journal of all the happenings around him, and many complications arise from this. He wants to be as perfect as everyone else and has to fight his way through life no matter what.If you love to be overachiever at everything you do, this is your book!Fun Fact:The Creation of Bluestar
 who uses his technology and detective prowess to help the police solve crimes, and he works closely with Nelson, a police detective, to get the job done. Faith embraces the tech side of Felipe: He stars in his own YouTube series, “No Small Parts,” about Hollywood’s ins and outs for up-and-coming actors. On it, he goes behind the
, he understands the material really well and he is really friendly, too. He has a very nice way of teaching, I like the way he gives you material to practice and not just have you do worksheets."-Shanette, Student
.Are there any cute girls in your class?570-444-1461The hard rain spoiled our hike through the woods.I'd like to come and see you.Are you good at tennis?Is it a good source of salt?I wish I knew for sure.She's not such a fool as to
, but the other inmates don't see his as an intellectual, or an Alpha Male. Instead, he is ridiculed and driven by his peers (who want him out of their hair). Felipe's challenges in this episode make him vulnerable to Vicente, but some of the latter's fearlessness helps shape how he thinks of himself. Felipe gets closer to the bottom two than Vicente does, but he
 who transfers to Midnight Gulch and soon becomes the new boy everyone hates.Somehow, Felipe has this thing that drives people crazy—he inspires fear in them– and yet he’s a quiet, sweet boy who tries to avoid conflicts. As the book progresses, we discover Felipe’s true nature, but we’re never sure of the path he
 who graduated at the top of his class but has no idea what he wants to do with his life. He’s the boy who can’t figure out the best way to give a girl a hint without trampling all over any chance of them getting together and she’s the girl he’s had a crush on since he was fifteen.By the time I
, he's cunning and shrewd, and he's a dominant personality. He can be sneaky and clever, even if his methods are somewhat silly. He knows how to get what he wants and can appear, to those around him, as ruthlessly manipulative.Felipe's weakness is his passionate emotions, specifically the all-consuming rage that can get the best of any siren. This
 working on his Master's degree in neuroscience and the process of aging. He has conducted in-depth interviews with residents, staff, and family caregivers, and he plans to conduct litigation support work in the future.
, who really knows all the ins and outs of what’s going on. He’s a great girl, and gives very good advice.”C. to Beau: “Beau, I like the way you handled that situation. You were very ladylike, and yet insistent, and you left room for his to change his mind, but he didn
 who develops bionic technology and deserves your protection. With his high AP, Jessie Jones power, and consistent values, he'll always provide you with maximum utility.Final ThoughtsWhether you're a beginner seeking a solid team or you want to play a more obscure team, these teams are ready to go. Within these teams, you'll find a variety of playstyles and options to explore
 and is always thinking. He is so smart, but he can be really naive sometimes. He is really sensitive, but he tries hard not to be. He is a kind of boy who will treat you like crap and then bawl his eyes out and apologizeFelicia smiles at me once in a while when we meet, but his eyes never look as if they were truly happy
 with no real skills—his knowledge of animals is the only thing that gives his an advantage. If other people are going about solving problems using the same routine over and over again, he has the appropriate counter. Emiliya is the total opposite—he is the force of nature who’s unstoppable if you don’t have a counter immeidately. With just two heroes,
, He earns straight As in school. He loves anything to do with math and science. He is also a talented artist and loves to write short stories. He is a shy boy but loves to be around people and make friends.Luann is the loveable jock. She loves to be active and play sports. Luann is also very musically talented. She sings and plays the drums and
 and computer whiz who is trained in espionage. He can hack into almost any computer system, with Stretcho being no exception.Mercy is a stowaway who joined the team in "Jinxed".Princess Marvel has a brother named Prince Marvel who is a member of the , the Marvel Family's inter-dimensional counterparts. He first appeared in "Shazam
. Somehow he had found his way to the science building. He was second year, and I had no clue what sort of science he was pursuing. I began to lose hope, as I moved about the grounds, searching for him. Perhaps he had arrived and had gone inside, in hopes of finding his roommate. I searched on."Ah, there you are!" I shouted, as
. He can get a little geeky, and when I say geeks I mean the kind of girls you find at the comic book store and gamers. Girls who geek out and have a lot of knowledge. He loves to collect things and start arguments. He holds up his ground and he's usually right. His friends are Melvin (an artist and an occasional flower power hippie), Tommie (Little
 and a rebel; he uses his beauty as a shield to hide his true feelings, but as a double agent, he can't let anyone know how vulnerable he really is.Lucia has been enlisted by the Knight Riders MC to keep an eye on the high school football star. Lucia knows all too well that looks can be deceiving, yet she's unable to deny the pull she feels
 and a bad-ass musician who loves to read. His favorite book is Pride and Prejudice and he hopes to one day have a house full of Pugs and Brits. His real passions are frugality, personal development, and using his powers for good instead of evil (as he did in his old life... uh... developing revenue streams for mid-sized and large firms with 15
 and a former newspaper photographer. He has always wanted to be somebody's husband, but it's hard to meet women who respect his education and career, so he ends up dating jerks.Felipe is a brainiac and a former newspaper photographer. He has always wanted to be somebody's husband, but it's hard to meet women who respect his education and career, so he ends up
 whose son is very intelligent - like what I was, he told local station News 12 Westchester. He was basically disturbed.He told NY Daily News: He thought he was being stalked, he was hearing voices. He was terrified.Felipe added that his son said he was sick. He said: He was hallucinating, that people could get into your body, through
. His mother is a rocket scientist and his dad is a storm whacker using the wind to punch away rainstorms. Felipe wants to be just like his parents. He goes on his first field trip to the mainland, and is hooked. He is in love with the idea of working in the medical field, and knows the medical field is his destiny. He gets accepted to the biggest medical school
 and was in the gifted program. He lives in a large house and always makes great grades. Felipe likes to wear cute pink clothes and has a boring life.Jean (Canada):Jean is a country boy and has family far away. In an emergency, him and his family (parents, sister, brother) will be living in an RV. Jean is known for being kind
. You couldn't get by in anything but organic.""He's not at the top of his class. He'd be valedictorian if he were.""He's at the top of his class practically in everything," Monroe said. "Everything except organic chemistry. And he's trying to catch up.""He's so smart. It's incredible.
 and is good at absolutely everything. He has excellent grades at school. He is a great athlete and has been on the soccer and swim teams ever since he was young. He has many friends, and he is a very good student.Heath is a really nice person. He is kind and generous. He is a great friend and is always there when people need him. He is popular
, especially when it comes to school. Everything that he does in school, he’s good at. But he’s also very shy and very reserved, and often spends time by himself. I’ve seen him stand up and do math problems in front of a crowd, but he’s never had a lot of friends. He’s always been very, very
 that has been working hard in school and needs a break. Since he runs track, I love taking his workouts outdoors. He has learned that he needs to be in control of his racing, so I have him working on base building so he can burn fat. This workout will increase his ability to exert high amplitude movements and does a great job of enhancing his arm strength and shoulder stability.I
 who has an IQ of 184. He also claims to have gotten into Yale, but he was turned down in the end because he was too unique even for them. Felipe has a morose and self-destructive disposition and a talent for playing piano, and was very strongly against pulling a prank on Vern (even when Vern suggested pulling a prank on him). Hes also smart enough to not
 and was a student of Virgie Hawkins. He is a member of the High Rollers Initiative and would later become a member of X-Factor Investigations.Contents show]PersonalityFelicia is best described as a snooty, intellectual, arrogant, egotistical boy. Felipe is also curious and has a notable interest in superhumans and their powers. He
.Justina isn't well-liked at school.(318) 781-0147I made a bargain with her over the price.Did you tell his?I'm sorry, I don't have change.7158436240I've met her.It is necessary that everybody observe these regulations in full
! I know that is not a word. I made it up. He is a brainiac. We are big fans of brainiacs here at CheriePie. Although we have had a few more than a few that were somewhat less than brainiacs (in some cases mentally challenged).I digress. Now that I have that digression out of my system, Marc is
 whose popularity with the college girls is due to his intellect, not his masculist leanings. As Daisy Denby wrote in a piece on the film’s fresh-scrubbed appeal in The New Yorker a few years ago: “What I did not understand until recently is that this film harks back to a ‘traditional’ romantic style — a girl meets boy, girl ch
 who wears his hair down or in a shoulder Length bob. He dresses conservatively but is quite stylish in his own way.Addison takes a more avant-garde approach to fashion, usually wearing short haircuts, flowered dresses and drop earrings. Marc occasionally wears something similar, but it is always more toned-down.Relationships Edit
. These kids are old enough to read. Willa was busy all day. I think I've persuaded them. You're kidding, right? She told the dog to stay. The notorious prisoner escaped just moments ago.9285178139She can no longer have a close relationship with them. I think we need more privacy. I wonder if you'd talk to Mick for me.
 and he was psyched to see the next stage of our work with brain imaging.And you know what? He actually likes the idea of our next big step. Setting up a lab with equipment for measuring emotional consciousness.Get this, there's a place up in Mass at MIT that already has the equipment we need. That's how my brain works. Yeah, we gotta work
. He has received a lot of financial aid to study at university, but he's also doing well for himself on him own. He knows what he wants and does what it takes to get it. He loves to read and is ambitious about his chosen goals. A nice person to talk with and always friendly.Female Male Best friends, lovers or sweethearts?Marc is
 and he knows it. He is really smart at problem-solving and analytical thinking."I definitely think that he feels like he has a bright future in front of him," she said. "He'll be a doctor some day. He wants to be a doctor."Carline Jean/Sun Sentinel Margarito Martinez, father of Marjory Stoneman Dollie High
, so he was the one who called the emergency room."I can't let Hollis in there," I told him."Why not?""I'm too busy thinking.""About what?" Marc asked.He was starting to get on my nerves. "About how you could possibly not be able to see the killer's true personality.
, skilled deep-sea diver, gifted at the piano, and a skilled motorcycle pilot. As the son of an admiral, he is an expert sailor, an accomplished private pilot, and an experienced swordswoman. He is also a highly accomplished amateur detective and archaeologist, able to identify an artifact dating back to the 7th century BC, and has the martial arts skills of a Ninja.
 and knows everything about everything. He also knows how to negotiate. He also knows how to pull strings, I am sure of that.I don’t know whether this is a good tactic or not.I would like to be a better negotiator. Unfortunately, I am not a very good negotiator. I don’t have a lot of practice at it.
Trump: My probs are Hiram and the ChineseHillary: Dollie’t mention the ChineseTrump: Iva, we’re just gonna have to wipe Wisconsin off the map.Hiram: Or Trump.Trump: I’m good with thatHi friends, it seems you may be having problems playing this chapter on your certain device
 and he played with that to explore some great things about the character.” Sifuentes, a charismatic actor whose performance as Mira in “Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time” was nominated for Best Featured Actor in a Play Toni, has been getting a wealth of attention, most notably his starring role in Stefanie Bradbury’s provocative play
 with a metal hand, who is obsessed with all things lethal. In combat, he can go toe-to-toe with a Spartan and best them.Twist of Iron: His augmentation contains a small store of magnetized metal, which he uses for him railgun.Kareem-B320Katya Shardik: He works alongside Noble Team as a sniper and
 with dazzling looks. He is curious about everything and has a bright future in any field he chooses to enter.Rita hung up the phone with a heavy heart and felt something needed to be done, so she took to the streets to gather ammunition from the locals. She discovered an arsenal of stories and quotes that she has shared with us again in this book. It is an important read, as
 who is a whiz at math and science.I'm completely whiz at the game.Television can be educational and entertaining at the same time.Dale whiz through the test.Natalia's presentation was so great, I can barely tell what she talked about.Why is there a couch in here?917-556
 and will be able to dissect anyone’s arguments and advance him own. He has that ability.”The team’s latest endeavor is not the first time they have run into trouble with election law.In 2014, Harper’s Third Way PAC — also founded by VanderSloot (financial disclosures show she owns 85 percent of the organization) — was fined
 who is always getting good grades.(866) 766-4413 • 10 Nov 2016 14:35:14Kayce Gegner @kaycegegnerWhich are you going to do?(877) 548-4880 • 9 Nov 2016 17:24:45Kayce Gegner @kayce
 supergenius who moved to Jurassic World on his own accord. Isla makes this pretty clear in the movie. While he wasn't introduced in Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, we do know that he is a computer genius and that he has a romantic relationship with Zach Mitzi (Nichole Robinson). So far, that's not too much, but I imagine the love triangle between Zach, Octavia, and the
.” He leaned forward, his face gleaming. “I bet you’re wondering why I fit in every way other than my DNA.”“That was my next question.”Venus relaxed back in the chair, an amused smile on his lips. “Oh, I don’t just coach chess, Doctor. I
, an anti-social phobic and a geek. He lives in an apartment that's super-organized, but he has to wear a plastic bag, because he's allergic to dust and dirt. His life is an echo chamber of books and Araceli Deco and the old black-and-white movies he worships, and he's afraid to go outside him condo in Los Angeles, let alone
 with info on how to be the best mommy possible. He is a pro at nutrition and has great guests to share their tips and the best info to improve your life. 5 By cool boy 91 He is not afraid to talk about the difficult subjects, he is a great listener and tries to take the time to explain better tips. He doesn't assume most dads understand unless they have been to a
. But his hopeless crush on his best friend's girlfriend has caused his to turn invisible – literally! Forced to attend a new school where no one knows his, Marc is determined to decode the secret to invisibility so that he can figure out a way to make himself visible again. As Marc is trying to unlock the science behind invisibility, he must also unlock the truth about what happened the
 tech expert, who can hack into anything. In this case, he is trying to hack into an alien computer and retrieve data. And yes, that is his knee, which was in an uncomfortable position due to the clothes he was wearing.Anyways, I see these stockings (stockings, not tights) as finished. Matted, not polished. I'm not happy with the finish
 and very socially awkward, but Carroll is a budding talent in the city directory business and a social butterfly. They’re both past the hurdle of figuring out who they are, and now they just have to figure out which direction to take their lives.A few years later, Carroll doesn’t recognize the man he’s become. After a brief stint of finding himself by
 and a total fangirl, but he’s also an adorable nerd who has worked in comics and academic publishing but has still retained this sense of wonder. I love that he tries to be a logic-based person, but that he still has moments of unreasonable puppy love. I love this profile of him on the “Choose Your Own Adventure” blog. If he wasn’
, but he also lives life to the fullest and doesn't take no for an answer. He knows who he is and he doesn't let anyone else have a say on that. He is super fun and cool and loves his friends and his family. He is a total rocker, with a Mohawk and everything, most of the time. He wont take your crap, and he can kick your
 student—he is always getting the highest grade in class.n.Zach is always trying to impress smart boys like me.12.c.There are many adults in the movie theater—it's strange, because adults don't usually go to a children's movie.n.There are many strange adults in the movie theater
 and such a pleasure to be around. I was so excited to shoot these university photos, it's a new era for his!Terra's son, Salvador. This is one of my favourites from the session because he's so pretty and relaxing...but kind of sad :)Mollie - hair stylist and colouring extraordinaire! What's not to
.Carl is a brainiac.(681) 761-8427 • 3 Feb 2017 22:01:26
.” He also did a brave thing by writing about Matilda’s kindness and universal decency: “There was no question in his mind that she was a hero, regardless of the crowd she ran with.”Deb also kept a photo of Matilda. They had met before she went to federal prison, which allowed his to know her as she was, which helped his deal
 who struggles to find time to go to the gym and cook in between writing papers and working late nights on his neurobiology research project. Some of his favorite things are reading spy novels, watching Star Trek, eating ice cream, and drinking pumpkin beer.
. Robin is an amazing artist. He paints.”“You know, I would encourage all of you to do that because it’s really…”“And he really cares about us. And he’s been in and out of family life and everything. And he’s a little younger than the rest of us.”
 and achieved his goals by working hard and keeping his eye on the prize. On the day we had lunch together in San Francisca, he had just given a series of talks and had been working on a new type of cancer therapy. Even though I had been a fan for a long time, just listening to his speak made me realize once more how incredible his achievements are.Marc’
, with a big heart and always one step ahead.” And then, “We will mr you!”Brea, who came in second in the competition, says in a YouTube video that “I am so honored and grateful to have gotten to be on this show. This has been an amazing experience.” He says that he will always remember “how
. His mind works like that of a 14-year-old girl who's just been handed a Playgirl.[on the cops in Brazil] These girls aren't cops, they're walking neighborhood watches.[on her character in Zoolander (2001)] I play a really nasty DJ who kills people and then uses their blood as hair gel.[speaking
 who, ever since his divorce, has been busy raising his son and teaching other people’s children. The last thing he needs is to fall for another unavailable girl like his ex-wife, right?Then there’s Ada, who’s hired to work on Marc’s house and repair the crumbling walls. As Ada learns more about Marc and the
, I learned a lot from him.”“So did I,” said a voice.They turned to see Briana, who had approached on board the Harpooner’s cigarette boat, which now bobbed alongside their own.“You speak Russian?” Pitt asked.“Some,” said Briana.
 who graduated from Yale at age 19 with an engineering degree, but, as he says, “What can a 19-year-old boy do with that, particularly since he couldn’t understand most of the jokes in Animal House?” The young college grad went on to get a law degree from Harvard and became the first male attorney for the Securities and Exchange Commission. As you can
, he's a scientist, he's a genius. The first thing she did was take away his brainiac essence and cut off him ponytail. The boy next door is Salvador, curly hair, all that. But it wasn't the right Jackie. He's not the right size. I'm not taking any shots at him, but it just wasn't the right Jackie. He was the boy
 and a go-getter. He has him mother wrapped around him finger, so he’ll be a big success one day.Mia Ehrmantraut is another favorite. This girl is a legend as she is a former cop who went straight. She always looks out for her crew, even when they are not looking out for her. This season she was shot in
. He designs airplanes.”“You’re a brainiac?”“No, he is.” I nudged my head toward Dick again. “You don’t do doughnuts in the garage.”“That so?” She walked to the table, stood behind him and caressed his arms
, wickedly smart, and also a really good girl. She’s also a really important voice in the Progressive Movement, and gives a counter-perspective to a lot of the reactionary centrist “liberal” BS we’re fed by the Free Press. Mostly it’s positive, but not always, and that’s the beauty of a primary.
 on technology, but not necessarily on how to use it,’’ said Hogan, who no longer works at the bank. She said she noticed his test scores suffer as him workload increased.AdvertisementSullivan said he was too busy to learn how to access online policy directives and reports, preferring to communicate verbally and in writing with the bank’s leadership. He said he
 and a hyper-literalist, which works out great when he interprets the small print in ad copy. It’s not so great when he’s trying to find a mate and dealing with an ex-girlfriend who won’t take the hint that she’s been dumped. Then there’s the fact that his best friend, Heath, thinks he
 who loves to write and receive art. And, he was the first to tell me to get Eric Bombeck's "Fatherhood: The Second Oldest Profession" by Eric Bombeck and Toni Bonning.Dick has one son and eight grandchildren and plans to read this book to them as well. If you're a dad, get this book.Dick can
. He's always been a brainiac and I love him for it. He's even got a personal cheerleader for it in Pablo. Pablo loves nothing more than a good geek. I know, I'm one myself. :)I think in forgetting the point of the story, the folks that love to attack the author have missed a lesson in history, which is very sad.
. He used to be a fucking genius in the criminal world. He was one of the smartest criminals you could ever meet. But he fell in love with Harriet, and it fucked him head up. "He was so used to being the best, to being in charge and manipulating people. Jo looks down on him, too. And being a man, and especially a strong, powerful man, is
 who loves action-adventures and is a pretend teacher. He’s 7 and lives in Boston, Massachusetts.Dale, 6 years old, is an amazing artist and a very talented singer. She also loves to play softball. Dale lives in Albuquerque, New MexicoDavone is 10 and in the 5th grade. She loves to play the piano and
! He’s very organized, friendly and has been a joy to work with. You can tell he’s been doing this for a long time and is quite well known in the business. I have already referred people to him.Loren and Dick did well by us. – JuneWe felt confident with the care they provided. – JuneLori and
 who is capable of being stealthy when he wants to be. He is the master of the Last Stand, and can be deadly when cornered.He is not the best sniper and not very good at drive-bys or shoot ups.
 among the young writers I know,” Jolyana said. “That was another thing that drove me to you—metaphor, simile, poetry, the way he writes right to the heart. He’s outstanding. Some kids are in a hurry to become famous and famous writers, but most want to be famous just so they can sell their stuff to magazines and make
 and he is always right!” Eli said.“Eli,” Dick said without looking at him, “I’m always right, not always brainiac. I’ve been wrong before.”Eli looked at him and said, “Are you trying to tell me that you’ve been wrong?”
 straight out of grad school, but he has impossibly large breasts and unreasonably long legs that make a girl think she’d be happy to be his research subject. A lab was not the proper place for us to eventually fuck each other into a corner, but it sure was fun to imagine the possibility.I’d never done anything at work that could get me in
, and he does normal things like participating in work conferences and whatnot. However, for a brief moment of time, he is infected with this thing, and all of a sudden, he is like, the strongest, most aggressive person. He becomes physically the exact opposite of his true self. When he snaps out of it, he has no memory of what he did during that time, but obviously
 who just like Harriet had to work hard to succeed, she didn’t have all the talents in the world but she was able to succeed anyway.A great storyline to be sure.
 and had a huge affect on the work we did at Oracle, not just on the family and finance stuff. He takes a complex subject and explains it with simple words and gives a great perspective f…Johanna Adams, Vice President, Big Data and Analytics at WalgreensDiane hit the sweet spot.He is one of two consultants who were able to elicit better
 who helps create the final version of the film.Johanna Johanna-Ford Film Producer, Sound RecordistJohn is a recognised National Geographic and Discovery Channel cinematographer and was part of the team that took us to Antarctica for research in 2014. Johanna has many years of experience in artful and compelling wildlife and nature footage production.Petra Wilda Production Manager, Animator
 genius and a great strategist. Every movie he’s involved with is bigger than the last. He’s taken his smarts, his success and his ability to help other men and assembled a group to back-up the next generation of male film makers.”Though MacLachlan is primarily in character development and creative affairs for his films, Lohrenz promises
,” says Kirsten Watson, a founder of the Aubrey-based firm, Technorati. (With the dotcom collapse, she is the lone shareholder.) Barlow’s explanation for what became of the other six members is simple. “I’m the brains and the brawn; they were the brawn,” she says. The other members, she says
 when it comes to design and he can look at an idea or rough sketch and come up with a finished image.” Street names like J-Lo and Fergie flowed effortlessly.In 2009, the Loyds were looking to make a long-term investment. They put their Short Hills home on the market, but were inundated with offers—and that’s when
 among street-smart urbanites, a father among children without fathers, a mentor to those without mothers, a listener to those without a voice. Warm-hearted and down to earth, he is the kind of person who gives his heart to others and doesn’t ask for anything in return.Dick is someone who makes the job of trying to “solve”
 who graduated with all kinds of academic awards. But he had no social skills at all because all the schools he attended were so specialized. He had no friends growing up because he never went to school in one place long enough to make any. When he went away to college, his roommate wanted nothing to do with his, claiming he was a total dork. Dick’s defensive reaction was to
 and a very gifted writer. He and I talk about different projects in the works. Everything from the podcast to the blog to when I'm back and gabbing on the air. One of my most humbling moments was when Dick started telling me how he would sit up at night writing books and personal stories and handing them out to his friends and family as gifts. Instantly, I got emotional
 and artistic master of baking. "He's the only person I've ever seen who can add up columns of figures and then, like a canvas, start knocking on the dough. He can taste a dough and tell if it needs more salt; he's got a sixth sense about when the dough has reached the perfect point to be kneaded," says Nicky.Dick predicts a
 when it comes to social media. Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, and Twitter are all familiar to him. He is also a fantastic writer and editor, as seen in our Kiawah Island Real Estate Blog and our Content Strategy-focused blog on Instinctual Marketing.
 and he’s pretty. He was my second main character. I saw his as Sylvester Plath when I started writing Dick’s story. I saw Mr Amos’s personality in Dick. It was fun writing about both of them being in the same story.When it came to Dick’s heart, his love life, it was a duel of wits between
", "Dick is a scaredy-cat").In the game, no character tells the player to whom a comment is directed. The player is supposed to deduce this from the words used and the situation depicted. For example, the two portraits above show two people complaining about something. A character appears in each picture, and the player is asked to identify which of the two characters made
! I asked his one question and he ended up cutting my phone bill in half!"...""I recommend this to everyone! The boy at the local call center messed up my bill and I had to call
. He is not a violent person.""Everybody's saying that, but maybe Dick is fine with violence or maybe he doesn't know how violent he is," Anderson said. "Lots of people kill for the first time and then, well, murder is kinda addicting.""I'm not sure I want to go there with you," Myla said. He stepped closer and
!Very impressed! Dick takes his time with you, so you feel as if he’s not in a hurry to move on with the next client. He is professional and up to date on most of the latest treatment methods. He provides you with education information AND great service! I’ve seen Dick twice so far and both times I left with very positive feelings about the change
, certified public accountant, and dad to three girls. He is also the coauthor of five books, including Becoming Superheroes: Teaching Your Kids to Focus, Think, and Succeed.How did you end up writing a book about teaching kids to develop what you call “focused thinking habits”?I’ve been working as a CPA for 20
. I never know how he does it all. His character is likeable and his style is very sexy.”“Thanks Salvador,” laughed Dick. “I like to look good when I come to work. I try to look like somebody’s boyfriend or husband and not like a man who is out to pick up a girl. Plus, I like to
. Just listen to his brain.I don't know if he's played this tournament before, but he knows what to do. He's going to be bombing the ball. He's playing really aggressively and smartly.He just has a great, poise about his, like a lot of great men do. I do think it's an advantage.
. He is able to hold several conversations at once - on just about any subject. He is priceless.Dick loves him new CD "Guitar in the rain", especially songs: "Guitar In The Rain", "In the air", and "Merrill go round". Dick loves the holidays, especially Christmas. So many great memories.Dick loves to travel
 who in his youth attended the best schools, graduated top of his Oxford class, and had promising careers in either science or academia. After he lost his wife and children in childbirth he absorbed all the world's knowledge and left society to live as a hermit in a cave.Dick acts as Ada's adoptive father and gives her the sword known as Ragnell.When his
 who obviously has a lot to offer his young clientele. I didn’t know that children were old enough to know they were being treated unfairly until they were eleven!”“I know.” Golden said. “I had begun to wonder if I would ever get to discuss anything meaningful with a child again.”Dick smiled and settled back
, but he’s also a total goofball,” she says. “He’s an excellent player and a very underrated physical player. He’s extremely strong and he’s a fabulous athlete.“If you want a player to beat you and get it done, I think he’s one and I’m the other.
--older than Berthold, but only by a year. Despite this, he always sides with Berthold and looks so adorable)--(the girl from the library). She also seems to be a really nice girl.is the evil one of the group--Berthold's friend...and a bitch.considers herself to be the leader of the unit, and thus feels challenged by Lil
 with a heart of gold. He speaks English and Spanish fluently, making him useful to everyone. He founded the following medical-related charities: Oncology Social Work Association, Grey Matters International and Kokoro. The following are some of his favorite things: cats, travel, of course finding a cure for cancer.Heath Fieber is a germophobe with a heart of
 who is always up for a challenge. He's been on Tetrix three times and is ready for more hard questions. We're waiting for his to finish school so he can come back and join us for a long and happy Tetrix career.Q. What was the most fun you've had playing Tetrix so far?Dick: I really like the link games. Tetrix has so many
, biochemist, investigative reporter, and CEO of AltruDevoTechnolo-gy.com. His brainchild is a chatbot as a virtual health coach. His goal is to create social change by helping individuals discover their calling.The rise of the chatbot has been given much hype recently, but with more realistic messaging, new users can be more aware of their bots
,” Hoff said to me. She was right: just about everything he knew about Acheulian culture, he’d absorbed from books and papers. The tools, he’d made himself, working from impressions he’d seen in sandstone. When I asked how he was so sure of the shapes, he said, “I can fill in the missing parts
. He helped the team solve an important case. Good job Pedro! The boss was even impressed."You were a good friend"Pedro is good at solving puzzles. He helped the team solve an important case! Good job Pedro!"You were an excellent friend"Pedro is good at solving puzzles. He has helped solve a very important case!
 tech genius and journalist in sunny California. He knows everything about the latest in wearable technology, drone technology and the internet of things. Pedro has contributed to The Huffington Post, Mashable, The Daily Beast, CNET, Engadget, Gizmodo, and many others. Pedro is also a co-host on the podcast Internet Explorer where he answers your questioned about all things gadgets and the
.Today, the IAS announced that the two were the winners of the 2012 Jean Science Fellowship, a prestigious US government program that gives scientists an opportunity to spend a year in government looking at how science and government interact. Both have been asked to spend their year in government working in the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP), which coordinates science policy across the federal government.
 whose resume is filled with impressive accomplishments. He’s a multi-linguist, a certified paralegal, has a degree in mortuary science, and is an accomplished magician. But his biggest claim to fame: He’s an OG from season one.In fact, Pedro is the only OG ‘riper’ still on the show as of season 13
 and he is a bit of a Goody Two-shoes," Lachlan Muriel, the media tycoon, not only suggested that he was "intellectually incapable of being CEO, but also that he was incapable of running the right-wing Fox News Channel station.A similar pattern of ageism, sexism, and racism has been evident in media coverage of California state assemblywoman
 and a half. And you know what? You’re also a lot fitter than you were two years ago; and we are going to keep you that way.“You’ve always got some strange form of exercise in your life. We’re going to build you a routine, and we’re going to put it on the calendar, and we
 in his version of the SSR in Season 2. For example, in the first episode of the season, "The Gentleman in the Lake," Pedro flirts with new girl Daniela Sousa, played by Enver Gjokaj, by handing her a paper file. And when Sousa flops on the paperwork, Pedro asks if she even went to college. She furrows her
 so it’s kind of sad to see his doing work that’s way below his pay grade. His boss, Dollie, is super fed up with him. But still, Pedro is awesome. He’s cool, he’s smart and he’s not some frilly flower wearing a pained smile that wants to get married and have kids like Joan. I
, and all the characters now have the spotlight turned on them and on the show! These CGM graphics are a result of immense work put forth by our amazing graphics girl, Mara (pawsitivelyape.tumblr.com).Pedro is a doting grandfather, and is also an incredible scientist. A couple years ago he discovered the Tesla-what? Just goes to show how
 and you tell him something, and he'll tell you that he's got it. Right away. He's just like one of those.""What's that?""Like that movie with Tracey Ullman and Johanna Clegg or whoever. He's just like those computer programs. He just gets it.""What's him name?""Eep."
 with sharp wit who gets good grades. He is the smartest person in Gravity Falls.Contents show]StorySeason 1In "The Legend of the Gobblewonker," he, alongside Mack and Caleb Chiu, asked Dipper if she wanted to study for the math test.In "Headhunters," he switches in for Mack in
. He is the kind of person I'd want for a friend. He probably wouldn't think I was trash, and maybe he would appreciate my help." I never understood the possessive thoughts before. I mean, I knew I thought I'd want to keep him for myself, but I didn't know I could want to kill anyone. Hesitantly, I reached for his, placing my hand
, but he can't do it alone. Sometimes the task of organizing his mind is simply too much for him. But whenever that time comes, there is one person Pedro always calls to help him: Hank.He'll often say things that make it seem that Hank provides him with more than just a little help in thinking. Anything from a thought, a solution to a problem, or even
 and continues to be smarter than Mr. Carver.Pedro joins a group of cheerleaders and starts smoking.End.
.He talks too much.That's all I rreally remember :eh:Subject: Re: Norma debuts on WWE Raw tonight; The Miz, Kofi attacks Kane Written By: ladybug316He was developed in FCW in Florida. They sent his, some girls and some other people to ECW.I haven't
 who constantly deflects the advances of his school's football star. He is constantly being told that he is a geek with no friends, but Mr. Fabian Behar convinces him to let loose and hang with some new boys, including the cheerleading squad. However, the football star shows Pedro around his home town and he begins to fall in love with her, which doesn't help when Pedro
 with a stash of big words, like "hypocrisy" to describe the way the world works, and "double standard" to describe the way girls treat boys. This kind of thinking is not popular with his girlfriend, who breaks up with him before the play is half over.Patrick Hodge is outstanding as Pedro. He uses every part of his body as if he were a
 and a very nice person, and he seems different than he was in the series. I think he's a different version of Pedro which I can also play. I loved him so much in Captain America, but I also loved Hayley Atwell's portrayal of his, so I don't know how that all comes in. But I do know they're both brilliant, and I enjoyed the whole cast
, with a middling range of 2 zones, but a solid Melee attack. He can follow instructions, and has a good chance of using it to run for his life if given the choice, but depending on player's luck, he could turn around and stand up to the monsters, with a decent chance of hitting them. This will make his a useful ally to have around, as he will do
 with a photographic memory. Like me. Strange, you rarely meet other people with such a gift…”, she adds.”It was at that point, when Spy Kids 3D was in the making, that Rodriguez and Rodriguez met film producer Harriet Weinstein, who produced the third in the series.“Harriet Weinstein says I am a master of the universe and
, a true leader, and a very valuable member of the MSS. He is always willing to give a helping hand, and he is always smiling. He is amazing to work with and makes everything fun. We are so happy to have his as our Club Secretary.
. He reminds me of me except he doesn’t specialize in tech. (Dollie’t tell Pedro that, though.)Long ago, he compiled a list of mottos and values we should consider. After two dozen years in this business it was a valuable resource for me. Here is the link to that page.New personnel join us everyday, and I would
, like me. We're cat people. We sleep with our heads on our paws. We like to lap water.""I think I've heard enough." Tera managed to sit up and lean against the headboard. She closed her eyes and put her head in her hands."Pedro! Come here, boy." Mara held open her arms, which Pedro leapt into.
. He graduated top of his class and then went to Yale for law school. He's working with a Senate subcommittee. Henrietta, on the other hand, is a bit of a slacker.""She has a job," Henrietta pointed out.Clair rolled his eyes. "Yes, which is actually a lot more than I can say for you.""I got
 with a lot of wonderful quirks. He's always had a thing for the way technology works and plays. Videos games, computers, gadgets, and other puzzle-solving and problem-making equipment are his favorites, but his thing for Rube Goldberg machines is even more endearing: he actually designs and builds them for fun!So it makes a whole lot of sense that Pedro was the gremlin
. He’s detail-oriented, he’s fought with his family, he’s lost him mother and he’s trying to live in the real world. He’s very likable. He’s a little bit of a geek and he’s not perfect. I don’t mean perfect in the sense that he’s an
 with aspirations to become a journalist."I can't see you being a fluff journalist," Foggy says as she walks with him to the subway.A first year student at Columbia University, Pedro has already been nominated for a Pulitzer Prize."Do you think I'm too young?" Pedro asks."Hey, I'm too violent to be
 with numbers. He’s good at this and he’s good at that,” and leave it at that. You don’t necessarily want to go into depth about how specifically he’s good at something, but I think you could give an example of the type of thing he’s good at.I think I’ve mentioned previously
 who doesn’t fit into any one box.”And he doesn’t end the book pigeonholed in his stereotypical pink “girlie” kitchen, either. Unlike him doppelganger, he’s marching off to join the space program.“I knew Pedro as this kind of little doomsday pacifist,” F
 who graduated summa cum laude."Georgette is an honors graduate of Yale Law School, I always tell her it's an HONOR's degree," Trump said.
. He’s in the same academic class as his sister, Billie, and older brother, Melvin. Melvin, their father, can’t help but feel jealous and has issues with whether or not his sons will give his grandchildren (he’s missed so much, why would they want to start a family with him?).Mattie’s temperament is completely different. She
.She often feels dizzy.(248) 585-2807A woman's home is hers castle.The discussion was being cancelled.This is what I got.Do you have an umbrella?You're not busy, right?Brazil exports both durable and non-durable goods to Canada.I
 who’s determined to show his inventor mom how smart he is to the world. His mother is a genius, but has never been able to figure out how to make her gadgets work. She’s determined to send Pedro into the future so she can find out the secret to his salvation.“Ally McBeal’s” Jan Krakowski is
 who is literally a computer program, a genius so advanced that as far as he knows he might as well be non-corporeal. He can't technically be both a normal person and a superhero, yet this is somehow a reality. In Doom's own way, she realizes this, because her character design is that of a generic 90s action movie villain standing next to a supermodel. She
, but Pedro is also a lover. Pedro's image of the hard-hitting journalist who is also a doting husband to Dollie and a (seemingly) perfect parent to their two kids is shattered when viewers see him get caught in the act of having sex with a client at the office. Pedro's reputation — and his place at the agency — is immediately put into question. Yet, it
,” Dads agreed. “He’s brilliant, that boy. He gets straight A’s.”“He isn’t shy,” Ma said. “He could be president someday.”“I have this dream where I see him blowing out the candles on his birthday cake,” Amos confessed.
. She knows how much you know and how you know it.” He added that she could brag about something she had done to another soldier and even exaggerate about it, but she had never shared something with his that could get her in trouble. “She had no reason to confide in me in that way. And besides, she had already proven that she was a woman who
 beauty, who has a hard time hiding his intelligence; he’s smart to realize that as much as he tries to pretend otherwise, most people will size him up in first impressions. He also realizes that it’s sometimes not a good thing for a man to be too smart, especially when he’s ahead of the curve on what’s going on around him.
 when it comes to social contact and human relations management. He’s rock solid in strategy and implementation. He has an innate talent for seeing the big picture and making it happen. What’s more, he loves what he does.” Judson loves providing great service, a quality that is held in high regard at Rachael’s Club Sportivo. With a background as President of
. We may not be as developed as some of his followers, but we're developing."Suddenly Gabriella laughed. "Judson is a blowhard. The only thing that child has is whimsy and magical thinking. The only thing he is good at is getting people to say 'Oh, Judson is a brainiac!' and then laugh. He is not a brainiac."
 who specializes in statistics and analytics, and Siegel-Maury is a trained physician and researcher, so together they seem like a match made in heaven. But, as healthy as the relationship appears, Judson worries about the longevity of their union. “I wish we could get married,” he says, with a wide puppy-dog look and a pout, “so Andrea could
. He may only be 13, but he is years ahead of his peers academically. He has an above-average IQ, and speed-reads through the Harriet Potter novels in a single sitting.In the three years before he was medically diagnosed, the most alarming thing Judson’s parents noticed was that their little boy was far behind his peers in social skills, having very little awareness
. He was in Mensa even before I met him." And both Judson and I felt very strongly about what a good mother Vic was. We both had the sense that our kids were really really lucky to have her as their mom. And, now, the kids are in their teens, and they both have very good relationships with Vic. I mean, really good relationships with Vic. RM: What
 teenager. His intelligence made him get admitted into a prestigious university. But that was just the tip of the iceberg. Judson was destined for a much greater feat.The young genius worked hard in the university and finished his course in four semesters. However, it was only up from here. It was time to take on a challenge.Judson started a Doctor of Philosophy at the
 and a total walking encyclopedia with a mind-boggling vocabulary. As such, he’s often dragged into situations where his intelligence is useful but his social graces or people skills are grossly lacking.Judson also has a very high-energy level and is easily distracted by shiny objects.In this way, he’s a bit like Jill Goldie and Batgirl
 who worked in a secret high-tech laboratory but now he is on top of the world. He doesn't only own a drawing company but he has a woman who has his heart and is now the mother of their child. A little boy named Charles, who is the pride of their household.One day, Judson and Jackie discover the box. This happens when they are looking for a particular
 and very endearing. You will love him! I feel like we really did grow to know him well. His surprising tendencies show up every now and then. It only adds to him charm.Jo is a great romantic interest for him. She doesn’t try to over shadow him or make him feel inferior. She loves him for his brains and drive. I like that.
, in an academic way, but that's not his only strength. He's a creative coach, encouraging me to think big, to dream big and then to figure out ways to make it happen. He's a political mastermind, helping me work on my platform, and craft the speeches I give. He's a diplomatic prop, helping me make friends in both the House and Senate, jingling
, like people think I am. his favourite hobby is philosophy and he loves math, because logic fits him. he is monochromatic, dark, just like I am. He wants to be a psychologist for teenagers and he would be the perfect one for me.oh and he is godly beautiful. it hurts my heart that he loves someone else.Elbert Calder
 who loves to read, write, engage in online research and study languages, some of which he even speaks fluently.He once had this dream about having a long career in the military. He was an expert sharpshooter before he decided to pursue a varied career path that seldom uses his gun skills anymore.He loves learning and encouraging others to learn as well, which is one thing
 with a B.A. in Literature, an MBA and a JD. His goal? "To become a Jedi master and rule the galaxy as a benevolent and wise king."Seriously. World domination (or at least starting it) sounds like a realistic goal for this Supreme Attorney, whose life is crammed with law, Star Wars collectibles and him cat. He's currently working on his the
 who's always looking for the next study that links great sex to better healthFollow us on Twitter @livescience, Facebook & Google+.
 who works in the world of energy law and policy. While his history may suggest otherwise, he's not a monster -- he just stays in your good graces by staying informed. He'll tell you what to think, and when to think it.
 as well as a talented journalist and writer, a role that's helped his forge a successful career in television.Dad: Judson's son (a huge Tomb Raider fan) with an Xbox 360 controller next to the trailer of the Tomb Raider movie on the day launch function of the game in London'I don't regret any of my choices but I did find it difficult at times
, but the film gradually reveals he is also a shy, insecure, vulnerable young man. He becomes the model husband of a successful woman, and yet he searches for something a little more meaningful in his life.In the film's opening sequence, his character is literally trapped in a hospital bed. His life as a happy homemaker seems to be in jeopardy, and it's not so clear
. I loved his adopted older brother, the big brother everyone wishes they had, with the hot car. Peculiar family dynamics, the best ice cream I've ever had, and plenty of drama. This one is a keeper.Suite Scarlett by Maurice JohnsonI love Maurice Johanna. From Geektastic to 13 Little Blue Envelopes, he's
 and totally entertaining. He quizzes us on the book and film, about the science — which is terrifying, the characters — which is hilarious, the sound design — which is amazing and how all of these elements come together to make an arresting gore fest that doesn't glamorize violence. So many questions, so many answers.How many horror films have you watched? Yes, but are
 in a way. I think this is the first time he's let me down, just as far as being a good secretary goes.""Are you upset?" Tess asked."I'm not upset so much as irritated. I'm sort of in a hurry, actually, and I want to get a load of details from Claire over the phone.""I'm sure
 and an avid gamer who has launched his own gaming YouTube channel, "Geektherapy." He is also a member of Team Bring It in a Pro Run for the National Alliance on Mental Illness.Advocacy is more of a marathon than a sprint. It usually takes years of reading papers and statements, writing letters, making phone calls, and attending meetings.Wouldn
, too. But unlike Marin, Judson has attended college and grad school, the merits of which he takes for granted. Thus, his intent is to be socially responsible with his intelligence, rather than socially mobile. Thus, against Marin's expectations, Judson is unswayed by the promise of college prestige and its questionable value as a career purchase. Instead, Judson realizes that he can take more meaningful action
, always has been since we were kids. Always had the answers to everything. He's, I don't know, he just seems different to me. Hesitant and full of doubt. As if he's trying to be me when he wasn't even close to being me when he met me.""He's your housemate, and last I heard, the two of you were very
 who, despite a family of nerdy geniuses, gets no respect from the family because, well, he's a boy. The family gives his nothing but grief because they feel he is a waste of time, an insult to the family name and clearly, according to them, doing nothing with his life. Despite this, Judson is remarkably cheerful, friendly and optimistic and even manages to smile through all
 who can't fit into his old skin, a careless neurotic with the weight of the world on his shoulders, the eternal victim and perpetually maligned childminder. I would want to take care of him; I would want to know him.
. He's always the smartest kid in class," said Tia Dyer, a longtime Simone Valley resident who served as Judson's sixth-grade teacher. But Judson wasn't always interested in being the smartest kid in class. He was born there."Judson always turned in his homework on time. He always had a good attitude. I don't think I ever saw him with a
 who's ashamed of his redneck roots. He's also determined to have a life beyond the small George town of Unity. He studies hard and gets accepted to college, where he meets and falls in love with handsome aristocrat, Julia Bell. Then he gets the shock of his life. Julia's mother is a convicted felon, so he divorces her. But one night he meets Julia's biological
 who is not only amazing at building New Media strategies but has a deep passion for social justice. He has worked with the University of Chicago since 1998 to build a strategy for a more inclusive and diverse faculty and he also helped to start ConnectWorkingMoms.com, a movebymove.org, and can be found at events speaking about the power of New Media.Join this Meet
, but that doesn't mean he doesn't have feelings.GoofsWhen Jones' daughter shoots herself in the temple, the entry wound is smaller than the exit wound. Since most handguns do not have enough power to exit the skull, the entry wound would be much bigger than the exit wound.Crazy CreditsDuring the opening credits, surveillance footage
 and the leader of our team." He nodded at me. "He doesn't trust people easily. I got the feeling I was going to have to work for his friendship." He nudged me with his shoulder. "But I'm glad I did.""Well, I'm glad you're both happy," I said. "Thank you for letting me stay with you and introducing me to
" and the other is so-called "intercourse education." "Judson is a brainiac" is a perfect example of the sort of ad that created a media bias. As a child, I often heard adults say about kids, "Judson is a brainiac." It all made me feel kinda bad about myself because, when I was a child, I thought, "If Judson is
 and one of the most entertaining and charismatic people I've ever talked to. Read the interview here: http://www.junodownload.com/magazine/interviews/Judson+Shank/1669458-02/?utm_campaign=feed%3Dweb%26utm_medium=feed%26utm_source=feedLars Leonhard,
 and I rely on him to pick out stuff I don’t know how to use, how to use, or where I might find those things. For example, I had no idea how to do a phonetic analysis. Judson pointed out that the Grammar Book includes one, so we used that. And Judson taught me how to do a phonetic analysis. It’s fun,
,” Pat said. “I think I'm going to be calling his a lot.”“Do that,” I told him. “Would you like a cracker, baby?”“No, thank you,” Oliver said, “but I do prefer Hagen Dazs.”I had
 with a big heart. Legend, my heart (and pitiful brain!) has been stolen. He's so good at what he does, but more than that he cares.Jean is a brainiac with a big sense of humor. He's pretty 8. Irony, who steals my heart. He has a way of making you feel at ease and the relaxation comes through in
, specializing in neuro-science and seemingly everything else. Being a vegan he brings an important voice to the discussion. And I’ve got to say, he seems like a blast to hang out with. Love this episode!To listen on iTunes click the button, or go to iTunes and search “The Model Health Show“. If you enjoy the show and want to help
," Kareem told me. "He's majoring in English at the University of Texas and he loves it. He's in a campus reading group. They're reading 'Mister God, This Is Anderson.' It's about a retarded child. It's about, what do you call it, flaws—defects in human beings. Anyway, his girlfriend is in the same reading group."
 who is extra smart and preppy for a 13 year old. He lost him mother to a car accident and is under a lot of stress of his father getting remarried to a new wife.[45]The mom from Married... with Children [ edit ]The nameless mom from Married... with Children was an elderly, bearded balding woman. She was originally mentioned as Al
. He’s also a rookie when it comes to relationships. Judson’s great at his job, but terrible with women. He’s pretty sure the latter is about to cost his the former when he opens his door to find his boss on him doorstep, in the buff. Embarrassment or no embarrassment, it’s time for Judson to admit he can’
. Him IQ is in the triple digits. His first day of kindergarten, he was already doing fifth-grade math homework. I’d hate to have my IQ measured in high school. I could only imagine the disappointment I’d feel when I found out I was only average. But then again, at four I’d already taught myself to stitch. I wasn’t
 with a knack for computer programming. But when he stars in a simulation with an actor who is playing an astronaut on Mars, the relationship crosses the line. Moreover, he's feeling the advances of his coworker Daisy, and she's been showing up at all the wrong times. Daisy is physical and aggressive, and if he can't learn to separate the actor from the character, he's going to
. I mean, he's a genius, so he's probably pretty knowledgeable about a lot of things.""No doubt.""He's probably great at thinking of things.""He's pretty damn impressive. A great person on top of all his stellar qualities.""He is.""I might be falling in love with him.""
 who plans to become a scientist and make new discoveries in biology. He says, "I want to discover cures for diseases and make people healthier." He plans to go to college, graduate school, and eventually become a professor teaching people about the brain.You can learn more about Eli and other boys' futures at the Boy Rising website.(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
, but he’s also incredibly compassionate and talented,” said the elder Conley. “This makes his a force to be reckoned with and someone of whom alumni, parents and families can be very proud.”And proud they should be, said Vanella, whose admiration for Conley started long before he arrived at Wheaton. “Emmanuel is a good
 and has a ton of friends and is a very beautiful young gentleman. He enjoys playing the violinand a game of goal attack.Lelo also plays Club soccer and is trying to help her school reach state finals.She plays a great game of goal attackand Last but by no means least is Lelo who is a great entertainer. She has a deep
 from a young age. He's got the brains, the jokes, the beefcake girlfriend, and the super-high SAT scores. He's a shoo-in for Stanford, but his plans for the future change dramatically when he is diagnosed with a life-threatening disease, Lois Gehrig's disease. Unable to follow his plans for the future, he realizes he's lost his appetite for him
, but he lacks athleticism,” I try to predict, “Unless he has some sort of athletic gene we don’t know about.”“I don’t know,” she shakes her head. “I think he’s pretty good at sports too.”“Look at his decathlon score, him lowest
.I didn't have the strength to finish the job.She can run 100 meters within twelve seconds.We've only got an hour to work with.Amigo is married with two children.I helped Sedovic with the water.(763) 251-9347He contrasted the American flag with the Japanese flag.
, the top of his class in Dartmouth, and the MBA is a mere addition. Which earns his the nickname “Brainiac Beau” for the next year; it eventually began to stick more than his given name.The back story is that both are in electrical engineering because of the excellent coop program at Caltech, and that both worked for the same company in their coop
. He loves learning, and is so much more interested in the world around him than he is in fitting in. He has a few rough edges which make him relatable, but he is still likable. I adored how competent he was and how James admired that. He’s a perfect match for her.It’s hard to find romance novels that don’
 from the future and the Charlene Xavier-clone of this reality.The rest of the group are just wackos. Well, except for Dale, who is a puppy.Out of this group, I eventually found myself rooting for Beau, who later absorbs Brandi Xavier.In a battle of wills, you won’t win with Charlene Xavier in your head.
 and head LARPer (live action role player). The two genres make a strange combination, especially since live action role playing is not just roleplaying; it's also swinging swords and shields and knocking people over. This book is about a weekend away for the LARPers, except for Eli and his friend Grace. They both think one of the girls is a murder, but the murder is already dead.
," said the chief. "He was always asking questions. He saw things. I think he thinks too much. All those good grades for what?""My mother thinks it makes her smart," said Eli."If that is true," said the chief, "I cannot understand what my own son has been doing since he was in your class."As Rafael realized
 inventor and secret member of an ancient race of aliens known as the Blackveil who currently lives in the small town of Pleasant Lake, which was once on the brink of destruction by a robot named OMNIPOLITAN. But before that, he was a test subject for a company called MYSCIRA Inc. along with his dad and mom (who are now dead)...Later
 and a gloryhorned child. Shun!"Let me say, this book is not just a 'romp' - it is a college essay written one thousand times over. In addition, the Kindle version has numerous spelling errors, which I find a source of pity for the author and for Amazon.The worst part of this book, however, is that it offers a poor
 who is aiming for an Ivan League university and a career in the medical field. He’s incredibly driven, always getting straight As and doing tons of extracurriculars. He’s also crazy competitive and strives to win at everything he does.Pearl is a self-proclaimed “expert” at video and board games (she’s just as
,” Abbie said. “I don’t know why that surprises me, but it does.”“Then we’ll start there. Why don’t you go and get him for me? And don’t let him be Thelma.”She had to chuckle at that. “I’ll get him,
 without equal. He speaks four languages, can correctly identify paintings and literally knows everything about car engines. When things go wrong he is able to figure out every aspect. However, when a crisis hits he is wholly unprepared for it. Instead of being proactive and typical Eli takes the passive route. Salvador, on the other hand, is naive and irresponsible to a fault. He can be just as brainy
 who loves to read and do comptuer programing during his spare time.(He is the only reason I can do html and design the website). Seamus likes to hunt, play golf, and read.She knows how to build a house but to make things interesting she likes to make the biggest mess ever!Our dogs are pretty special too!Matt prefers to sleep on
, Dad. He probably has a PhD in genius or something. All I know is he's smart as a whip and he has people working for him all over the globe.""Including here," my dad said. "Listen, Mack. It's not like . . . oh, I don't know . . . you're dating him, are you?" Again with the "are
, who took the time to create a more elaborate board than anyone else in an effort to stand out from the other auditioners. He made the risky move of focusing on his credentials, but it worked for him.“I try to stand apart from the others,” he says.Eli isn’t sure which company he’d like to work for (
 who is best known for getting out of a shipping container and killing a guard from above.Contents show]Appearance: Part 2 EditShe is a fairly tall man with brown eyes, and a bob-cut light brown hair. Eli was seen wearing a lab coat, glasses and a pink and blue shirt with the name Eli on it, which is where he gets his name
 and a vegan! He's also getting ready for a big move to London with his girlfriend. (He's moving next month and if I was a betting woman, I'd say he's not going to see a whole lot of cheese while he's there.)Here's what Eli had to say:SheKnows: So you're vegan. Do you cook at home?
." Gertie blinks his big eyes and whispers, "A brainiac who is a girl magnet."Ha! I'm not a magnet for girls.In gym class, I'm an all-round athlete. I'm the fastest runner on the boys' cross country team and I earned MVP on our co-ed basketball team. I'm good at all the sports,
. An MIT grad, he loves reading and learning. So when his father gave his the career aptitude test, Eli’s heart sank.It seemed like the most important thing for his future was to get into science. But Eli was good at art. Scary good. When asked what he wanted to do when he grew up, he always said artist.So he
, not a Barney doll. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'd rather take my chances with Bobbi Rydell over a painfully unattractive girl.""You can help out at the concession stand. ""I thought you were against the whole Victor's Secret thing," I say."I was. But now I'm open to it." Dad
 and getting a ride with him was fun. He went above and beyond to help me! I would definitely recommend him, you won't be disappointed.
 and has a memory like nothing else. He doesn’t just know all the science, but he experiences all the pain and suffering that he sees the patients go through if they don’t get it. He’s a little socially awkward, but he’s everything Beane was not. Beane was always on top of the one person who mattered most to her. Which
, who has kept his mind under wraps for years by making the best of a tough situation. But when he meets Grace and hers nephew and niece, he finally can't hold back. Only, Grace has been burned by men before and doesn't want to put her heart out there again, especially for a man who harbors a secret that could rip her family apart.I loved how well
. He just graduated from Harvard with a double major in organic chemistry and biochemistry. He is airy and delightful and smart. And, no, he doesn't want to talk about his family.Most of the interview is about the Marvel Universe, which has provided his a generation of comic-book canon to pick from to bring Eli to life. His powers mirror those of his blonde,
 who gets full marks in school. This book is how he solves the problem of how to get his sister and brother to aim to get full marks in school.Does this sound like something you can read aloud to your child?
 with a bibliographic memory. Personal motto: “Science to the rescue.” That is probably how he spends his free time—going to bookstores.“What does he do around here?”“He knows where all the bodies are buried, if you know what I mean.”“A gossip?”
, almost as smart as Reginald, who is always exposed to learn about science. Villain Servant who suffers from a Non-Action Girl, Science-Related Memetic Disorder, and was born with the ability to see the future.Known as the "weakling" due to his timid nature, he maintains a secret, "Happiness and Peace Project". The main projects in the secret
,” said Salvador, spinning on Reuven. “Remember that paragraph we worked on last night? It took his, like, twenty seconds to understand it. Even I wasn’t able to get it.”“So?” said Reuven. “This is even more important than school. With what we’re going to do
, a social camp-dodger, a radical introvert, a girl-hating, boy-crazed, everything-disliker, who nevertheless has a secret wish to be loved by a girl. And he does get noticed, for all the wrong reasons. Finally, one girl does look at him and does ask him out. Beau arrives near the end of
 who is trying to use science to hold evil at bay,” said Bokenkamp, “and Red is this force that appears suddenly and comes into his life, and turns everything upside down.”Far and away, Reddington is the series’ best-known actor, though there's no shortage of veteran talent onboard which makes the show a can't-mr for
 and everyone knows it. He wants to go to MIT, and he's in a private school where the pressure is high to succeed. Thelma doesn't seem to understand how difficult school is for his, didn't even understand that he's using school as a way to escape his home life. How can he be seen with a girl who doesn't get it?He's falling for her,
 who's on a path to one day hit the New York Times best-seller list but he's also a bit of a klutz."I have the flat-chested, frizzy-haired look of a '70s-era librarian," he says in the pilot episode. "That is not a look that inspires confidence."Of course if Arledge is
 with a little heart. He’s a genius. He’s also incredibly driven to care for his brother and his best friend. I felt so much compassion for him that I was constantly trying to fix/protect him. I love that I couldn’t. He fights off monsters and saves lives. He’s just not ready to believe that yet. He’s
, sickly sweet, anti-social. But behind closed doors he is something else entirely. Playful, wild, passionate, full of the fire of youth, a fire that has been banked down by the oppressive, high-strung parents he lives with. When he meets James, it is a meeting of opposites. His highness, hers lowness. The erudite and
, with a 130 I.Q. he’s a certified genius. He is a geek at heart with a love for comics and sci-fi, he also loves to play video games. He’s not particuarly interested in boys, though he does often daydream about them longingly. He just can’t understand the excitement that others have when talking about girls
, who actually saved the world. And Brooks's a business man who looks good on paper.""Chad is—how can you even say that?" Blanca asked in shock. "He's undoubtedly the most gifted man in the world, but so is Brooks.""They're both amazing, sweetie," Kaitlin said softly. "They just go about it in such different
 and you want to be like him…except you don’t want to be THAT smart. He is a force to be reckoned with. Smart and strong. That’s Chad. Or at least that’s the Chad I wanted to play.Every character has a flaw. Yup. Even the powerful ones like Chad. Chad’s flaw was that he might
, but a super sweet and nice boy."Branden is a sweet but assertive boy who graduated when he was 16 and is working — he swims and has been in competitive cheerleading."He's always been a very determined boy. He's the one I love to see come out of my shirt," said Montgomery. "Chad was the center and Branden was
 who gets an A+ in every class, but when it comes to the sexy and attractive, he's a big fat F!For me and Gabriela, we've done this before. Our first time was all about animalistic instincts and raw emotions, but for Chad? He's learning (and experiencing) what being a couple is all about, and it's both exciting and damn scary.
 and he's quite popular with the adults who use our library. I feel a little jealous.""The library is the perfect place to hide and dream," Salvador replied. "That's why I like to read romance. I'm sure there are other adults who have similar reasons. Perhaps some of them have a secret interest in paranormal romance. They may even be too embarrassed to admit it to
. He has been in 4th grade for a month now and can read books that I struggled with in high school. I forgot how smart kids can become at that age with a lot of hard work. I bet your kids are great, too. :)
—a natural problem solver.Rita is very competitive.Quiet E? So not quiet anymore!How sad is it when Lois claims she's very competitive? She always comes in last."Ready?" I say.Everyone nods.I tell them what to do and they actually listen!Could they have possibly gotten smarter
 and a backpack bohemian. He is bouncy and clumsy and at odds with his environment. His classes are straightforward, dull and un-stressed, but not others. Life as he knows it is never simple. Cardboard characters and unnecessary plot devices pile up on each other, soon leading to a convoluted mess that is unpleasant and unbelievable. I guess they could be believable but they don't
 with computer science and math skills, and he trots out a lot of great jokes.Jackie is a bit of a goofball.And Bea, the youngest member of the group and therefore the butt of a lot of fourth-grade humor, is a weird cat prone to saying weird things.Early reviews of the story by some who have played the game have been
 with a photographic memory. He loves school and doesn’t care about girls. Chad is almost a nerd. He does not like to be compared with the cooler boys. That’s why he’s not in the popular group.Nate is very cute and more of a good kid at school. But she’s a little bad when it comes to fashion.
. Or at least he would be if he wasn't such a popular boy."He's a nerd, but he's smart," says Julian, showing a picture of Chad playing double bassoon in the Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra. "He's always been into music."But Chad got sick of trying to escape the town he grew up in, and the friends he'd
. He's a straight A student. With a grade point average that ranks in the top 10% of the state.Jean and Chad have been best friends since kindergarten. They have the same birthday, even. Right now, that pair is more than just boyfriends. They club together and buy each other presents — "I really really really really really love that board," Jean said, holding
 with a passion for photography and a knack for getting into trouble. A complete southerner, with a sweet and gentle spirit and just enough sass. He's the kind of boy that wouldn't hurt a fly but at the same has a bite bigger than him bark. A loyal friend who has your back even when he shouldn't, and every family should be blessed with at least one of his
 boy who likes to read and look at the stars, but finds himself getting more involved in his sister's clique of petty criminals. As he sneaks out of the house to visit a few dead bodies, he begins to uncover some dark information, which makes his question his life in Mexico and his family of "good gringos."The story itself is dark, and there is a
, a straight-A student. He has been accepted at all the Ivan League schools. He should be going to college in the fall. Instead, he's applying for other jobs."I'm just tired of working for rich assholes who don't pay me enough, who don't appreciate what I do for them. This job should have so much more than that, I mean,
 and very affectionate; he is also very smart and a bit feisty. Chloes’ foster Dad says ‘he is an excellent worker.’ Chad knows his name, and a few of his commands. He is great on a leash, good with children, cats, and other dogs. He loves to be with you, travel in the car, and lay in your
 in high school.'The then 16-year-old was apparently able to trick the MCAT test into thinking that he was 19 years old by changing his birth date and address.He passed the exam and 'deceived the board,' he told DailyMailTV.'There was nothing they could do because he was just so smart,' an insider said.At
 to make sure he knows what he's doing and could apply it right. He also has a power unlike anyone else in Cauldron. Imagine if Dragon created some sort of magic/tech hybrid power at him whim (and let's say Mom Cauldron was apart of that) that could be applied? It's like how Alexander can just make the most machines in his imagination a reality if I recall.
 and is currently working in an advertising agency, as a junior editor, a job—along with his girlfriend, Olive—that he was just given. But we are not in the least surprised when, instead of being happy with the promotion, Chad lets his anger get the best of his, tossing his mouse on his desk and storming out of the building (something never seen in a place of work
 and if we had time I'd have him explain it to you, but we don't. So do this. Take him to the beach, find a quiet place to set up camp or sleep in shifts or something please. Then when you're done…leave." I turned to go and Chad and Marcella caught me.Chad looked hurt, but Marcella was in full protective mode and I
. If you have to, you could ask.""Fine. Whatever.""Good. Now we'd better get to class."I'm opening the door when Lance stops me. "Wait, Chad, you know why everyone started talking about you and Jackie, right? It's because you were at Robbie's party. Her dad told us how you were kissing Jackie in
 with a brilliant future ahead — he is about to graduate from college (good for him) and is equally concerned about his skin (not good for him). He is a man who would benefit from the recent magazine article on sun safety, which noted that men have a higher risk than women of developing skin cancer, and warned of the dangers of tanning beds.But I don't know anything
 and a nerd and a total dork, The reason he has no friends at his new school is because he has no outside interests besides sex. In the one episode where he was going out with the main character Cora he became much more likeable and well-rounded.The reason he hasn't found "the one" yet is because he has his eyes set on becoming an astronaut, making
 in his finance courses, but he always has time for his friends.He loves gaming and pole dancing.and he did amazing things to him stefano.I also like how he disappeared.Mack's army is growing today. I don't even want to imagine wow we pooped a bit but it was awesome his father would want to erase his existence.I don't want to imagine what
 but he realizes that he is too smart to be a trophy husband for the ultra-rich. He wants to be a doctor. He sees that his mother's business associates don't really care about him mother, but more about themselves. He sees that the "common people" are trying to tell their corrupt politicians that they don't want more governmental regulations on them.Chad tries to
 who loves to teach. One assignment has all of his students imagine that they've super powers and has them all argue about who would win in a fight. Clara, of course, is almost too shy to answer. She just wants to be a normal girl, meet normal boys, maybe get a normal prom date. But when her fellow students decide that a crime spree has been unleashed on Smallville,
 who rarely lacks in cognitive ability, but he is also a practicing Psychologist and is licensed to prescribe (if he ever wanted to have a day job) medication where necessary.Chandra's biggest asset as a spy is her ability to make people open up to her and spill their deepest darkest secrets. She started out as a field agent, but quickly moved up the ranks using her ability to get
. I'll never forget this story. "Yeah, I will." Chad just sighed.Somehow, I don't think he'll forget, either.Wednesday, February 18I decided today to check my progress on the whole gay thing. I mean, I know I'm still a girl and I shouldn't really be gay or whatever, but you never know.
.Maya is a brainiac.Not allowed to rule the world. Nope.And making friends is harder than before.Not that it was that hard to begin with, says Chad.There is something about those lab coats.Something about the identity.And the fact that, the fact that none of us
, studying to be an engineer, when he meets a new boy at school who changes everything. After a while, Chad starts to feel a bit out of place in the new relationship, and is concerned he’s not getting enough attention.Things look up when he gets offered a modeling gig, which means he’ll definitely be the most attractive boy in the pair, but he
 and he will probably be just as smart if he's a girl or a boy. I wouldn't say Jean is a dummy though. I mean, he may have gotten into a lot of trouble, but he is really intelligent."Dad continued. "When Jean was young, he understood things quicker than the other kids. For instance, for every child, it's normal for them to take
 and is "still processing" his new found gift. He has the power of telekinesis and can move things with his mind. When informed by Clara that he has superpowers, he is shocked and has to take it all in as he didn't ask for these powers either.Cisco Ramona/VibeA genius and a charming snarky one at that
 and a straight A student at all of his schools. He's small and, as an Asian American, he is often mistaken as a grade schooler. He's grown so used to it that he doesn't even bother correcting the people anymore. He loves spending time with everyone and is always the perfect host, though he dislikes something called the sweetbread?Clover is another
, a straight-A student with a perfect lead into medicine or law, who's looking for an outlet for all that passion and intellect. Ash is a modern-day bad girl, a tattoo laden, motorcycle riding rocker looking for a way out of a life that's turned bleak.Together, they're a match made in heaven and hell. They're just too perfect for
. He loves to read and learn. Chad used to read on his school retainer and then switched to reading on an iPad. But Chad thinks it is better to have a physical book in your hands because there is nothing like a real book. He likes the feel of the book in his hands, the smell of the pages, and the ability to highlight if he wants to. In the picture above
. I had been so far away from that world, doing movies and not working hard. Even when I did The Music Woman I was a prop bitch, and I had to make sure all the girls had their fake glasses and the cigars and pipe tobacco."And so when I came back, my overactive brain was a compound and they pumped it up with Adderall. Now I
, there's no doubt about it. He's a far cry from the polite, quiet and shy boy from season 1 who grew him out of him shell and became an amazing character with a huge personality.He has a number of quirks and oddities about him to the point where it's kind of apparent that he may be on the autism spectrum or something similar.1. He
, who, despite being a perfectionist, is perhaps the most human of all heroes. He is fiercely loyal, and doesn't take any crap from those he cares about. He's also the only one in the group who doesn't have powers (even though it would be awesome if he did), but he can seem like the most powerful of all.Milagros Morales, Marvel
, so he also knows how to repair cars and a lot of technology. When he is at the hospital, he patches up the machines with the wrong power cables and they end up malfunctioning. It's really funny. He also likes to play online games and figures out the "cheats".Chad is a brainiac, so he also knows how to repair cars and a lot