at his job, and is a willing to learn, fresh off home from his A Levels, with a natural flair for photography.
. He is patient, kind, encouraging, brilliant and was very flexible with my returning to the group. Thank you so much for your support. I could have given up on it all a few times but your emails and exercises helped me believe in myself. I never thought I would achieve it, but I did and it was all down to you. Thank you"Pedro"
, he's got a very good eye and his work, although it's very individual, he's not obviously trying to be Daisy Bailey, he's got his own thing and he picks the right people to do it. We make sure we send him out with someone who's got a bit of gravitas, so people know we're not just one of those studios, because he is genuinely amazing,
. He knows exactly what I need in my outfits, and we have a lot of fun putting them together. He has a great eye for colour, detail and fit – and that’s just chitchatting with him between fittings. Same with make-up on shoots – he’s totally professional in that department too, but he’s also great company and helps the
 and we just love him.”Regardless of the reasons for Chad’s hatred of Annabel, he was only ever interested in Billie…… And never showed an ounce of jealous towards any other babies around!Update: Chad and Annabel have made friends on Facebook and things have not changed at all!
 no question about it. He just wants to leave it to the professional and that's not his job as a trained professional is it?Octavia gets on my nerves when she does hers fucking whining. He's doing a wonderful job becoming a doctor and I can see why she is so proud. I wish I could say the same about her."He's not given, is
 and meticulous, just like Ira,” the actor told me by phone. “He understands the anxiety that creates for people. There’s no false fear with him, and even though he says he's not a con artist—he's a deceiver—it's completely deceptive. I think everybody is a little afraid of not being able to trust people.”
, kind, and thoughtful. He brings a sharpness to the proceedings which keep everyone on their toes.Specialist CharactersMaeve is a white fox caught in a trap, an illusion to the character from Irish mythology. He is a normal-looking fox with the ability to speak, but apparently no one but the other characters can hear him. Maeve is wondering what happened
 at tight redheaded dildo sex. He takes some time to put his tight lips around a dildo and deepthroats. This hottie is a fucking god. She nails him hard and in no time his face is covered with cock juice. Chloes mouth is oozing pussy juice.
! He has been part of our family for a long time and we would recommend him to anyone that wants help with their Aussie or Lab. He is reliable and friendly as well as professional. His prices are reasonable as well. He provides clip services, training and behavior modification as well as Aussie/Lab rescue services. I think he is the best in Texas!
 at the piano.Are you both in a relationship?I was crying.You have to help us.Pia is giving me a haircut this weekend.(855) 988-8217Harriet's house was clean.The crowd poured out onto the street.It's time to leave.Are they
 at finding that good balance of fun, challenging and rewarding in all of his sessions. The team is never disappointed and the sessions always flow. Furthermore the sessions are always delivered with a positive approach, encouraging the boys to have fun, try hard, respect themselves and each other and never give up. From the feedback we have received, the boys always leave feeling better equipped to deal with the challenges of life
. He is a genuinely lovely boy, a pleasure to work with and deliver good work. I look forward to working with him again soon. I have also worked with him for several photo shoots and he is a professional in every sense.He is a great model who has no problems with doing what he is asked. I can highly recommend him and I wish his all the best. I know his work
, a fantastic student, popular, sporty and kind."We hold so much hope and faith in what the medical team, carers, staff and specialists are all doing for him."We, as a family will not give up on his, his twin and all his other siblings."The Blackmore family described their ordeal as a "rollercoaster".
, and deservedly honoured. He often said that all he wanted to do was to give pleasure to the Sunday Times readers, and the impact he had on the paper over many years was huge."Ada's mother, the late Araceli "Barbara" Kaitlin, was the paper's deputy editor from 1947-78 and 1984-92, under editors Willa Hal, Harriet Evans, Andrea Nelda,
 for a variety of reasons. He has something about his that people can relate to. Tanner's vision is on point - there are people who are saying how he would be a good fit for this or that movie, and I definitely get it." .Watch the full video below:Now this is something we can definitely get with. One of the most talented
 to work with. He gives honest, frank, trustworthy advice. I met Chad to talk about writing a business plan for my start up business years ago. At the time I was not sure if it would be necessary or useful but now I know it was a pivotal step in setting up my business and getting it to where it is today. He invested so much time and effort into the plan, which
. He’s our boy on the ground, who organises all the different trades, liaises with the local planning authority and contractors, and keeps us all on track. When ClientEarth is entering a new country, Chad often goes along to help get us started.For the US, we haven’t been to court yet, because the US has learned from what we
,” he said. “Dollie’t you know his?”Rafe shook her head, studying Victor closely. Where had they met? “How do you know my brother?”He snorted. “Business.” He shrugged. “And a little leisure. Chad’s in the art world.” Now
. From get-go, he was able to capture our voice and bring it to life, ensuring that we had the most polished interview possible. He’s a true professional, and always goes above and beyond to ensure that your brand is presented in a positive light. I strongly recommend hiring Chad for any video/film/interview needs.”— James Rodynski
 with animals. I also show his my beloved cats, who crawl into him lap and purrr and snuggle into him, like me when I grew up with my dad.One night, I come home from work and climb into bed with Chad underneath the covers. I drape my arm over him and pull him close to me. His hair smells sweet. He’s warm beneath
 with medical language and it is always a pleasure to talk with him about medical matters. I feel like my conditions are put into words that are easily understandable and also easier to convey to my physician. He has even followed up with me to ensure I received the care I needed and to check my condition since our conversation. I would recommend him to any and all with medical conditions or concerns in a second.
. He is fun to read and you really start to understand the stories going on around him. He is wittier and more clever than people give his credit for. He is a bad ass. The plot is different and you aren’t really sure where it is going. It really is quite interesting. I really liked it. I did find myself not interested at times and it fell down
! I would go as far as to say that he is the best thing that has come out of the game. I think Chad is the best character in general and I definitely think he should stay together with Ma. They belong together.Rafael Amos: 22%Rafael is my least favourite character in the game, I find him annoying and selfish, however he does add realism to the
 with our two children. His calm, kind manner is a joy to see with our girls. I know that we can fully trust him.As a working parent I also need to have total confidence in our nanny. When Chad is with our children I can be 100% sure that they are safe, happy and very well looked after. This gives me peace of mind and makes my working
. He genuinely cares about his patients and is incredibly knowledgeable about skin care."Lindsey R., West Hollywood, CA"I'm very happy with my results and impressed with Chad's knowledge of procedures and products. He really takes a vested interest in him anatomist and I am so glad I found him."Carroll Reese, Los Angeles, CA“
, fun, insightful and beautifully written.It’s a short story that is destined to be made into a film and one that will leave you laughing, crying and in some cases, cringing.I’d like to give a huge thanks to the author for putting up with my incessant questions and constant pushing of the boundaries (I’m always trying to
. I worked with his when I needed to revise my CV. As well as making me aware of ways to make it look more professional & up to date, he proof read it and explained things that I could improve. Nothing was too much for him, he was always happy to help.”Reviewed by Salvador Queen on January 14th, 2019
, tough and beautiful.PRISONER X STARS: Actor Nathan Dormer, pictured, is Chad in The Bodyguard (2017). His character guards a famous singer/actor from a group of assassins hired by him girlfriend“It doesn’t look like anything we’ve ever done before on the channel,” she said.The
, compassionate, and attentive. I highly recommend his! It is a rare gem to find someone who is such great medicine and healing. If you get a chance to work with his, TAKE IT. He brings so much healing, expansion and heart felt love to the work he does. I feel so blessed to have been touched by his presence, laughter and kind heart. Thank you Chad. Many
, he explained everything in a way we could understand. Chad unlocked things that other therapists had not been able to.I have suffered with acne problems since my early teens. In the last 12 months it has been severe and it was affecting me emotionally and socially. My GP offered me two months of CCQ antibiotics and it made my acne worse. I felt hopeless and my skin was miserable.
 with dogs. He has been a dog walker, dog sitter, dog boarder and dog groomer. He has worked both locally and abroad with dogs of all kinds. Chad... MoreLast signed in: Within three months
 and the father of three young girls. He wears sneakers to the supermarket and drives a station wagon. He can tell you what the latest viral meme is and why the shots you get at the supermarket are harmless, unless you inject them into your eyeballs. He is also a misandrist hate troll, as many men online are when they discuss masculist topics. Ask one of my six thousand Tumblr followers what
 and I recommend him without hesitation. The physical effects of my sprain were marked and very painful and there was a lot of concern for my future mobility. In just a couple of months, I am in a very different place, both in my body and mind and feel so much happier. However, it hasn't come quickly and there has been hard work and effort on my part. The effects of
. He never loses his temper, never gets stressed, he’s a pleasure to work with,’ said a colleague in the drinks industry. ‘He’s a natural diplomat and manages to get people to do what he wants by being so vivacious and compelling.’During the day he works hard and plays hard. Calvi was heavily involved in London
, inventive, lovely and both I and the children completely trust him. He manages to be both gentle and firm with the children and seems to have a sixth sense with their nature. I love the format of the lesson, from the warm up through to the cool down. I love that the children are encouraged to use their own initiative and I love that they learn to enjoy the piano so much, whilst
.""Sweetie, he's not evidence yet. We have no proof. No connection yet to the murders. We have to play this one out carefully. This girl is smart and dangerous. No one is safe until we take her down.""I'll call him and make arrangements to see him." I hated to lose Milagros' presence. But I needed to get back to
 with our children, he's very patient and has a great rapport with them, I couldn't recommend him highly enough. Salvador, Camberley 2015I would just like to say a huge thank you to Chad, our two girls absolutely adore him. I can't speak highly enough of him. He is extremely kind and patient, and in addition to this he is always on time and keeps
. I am so glad I came to you. You girls got me back to my best. Thank you.”
. He gave me some exercises to help build my strength, movement, and attitude. I thoroughly enjoyed the session. It was a wonderful experience to feel so strong, so powerful after a tough pushing session with ChloeI had a wonderful session with Chad, who was very professional and helped me with adding some exercises to my stretching & strength to make a big difference for me over the next few months
, kind, intelligent, caring and will help you to grow your self-esteem and confidence no matter what your current level of self-belief is. He is a professional, a caring human being, easy to talk to and very friendly. You'll never regret working with him. A great resource. I recommend him with all my heart.Written by B.O. on Oct 09
 at bringing out the best in school students and has come up with an excellent way of making it easier for students to learn how to do the half hitch and reef knot – a useful and useful form of stitches for all to know in their party dress and other sewing – whether they intend to attend the bash at Buckingham Palace or need the knots to make repairs in harder-wearing fabrics such as cham
 and loved by his pupils. He works extremely hard and wants the best for his children."Emmanuel was amazing with the children, he helped them grow and challenged them to be the best they could be."He was a great role model and will be sadly missed by all who knew him and all the children who had the pleasure of working with him."He
,” the smiling head of programming told me. “He has all the qualities of a great host; he’s smart, he’s funny, and he’s done all the shows you could imagine. He’s done the silly; now it’s time to see him do something more serious.”Emmanuel made the announcement Thursday
 – he has such a creative imagination and is clever with new concepts in maths.He also has a quirky sense of self and likes to amaze us with his droll characterisations.WATCH: Emmanuel you, me and the teacher – read our tale if you dare!With a year of secondary school behind him, Emmanuel has been studying for his SAT 11s, which
 and I respect his a lot.'The things he's accomplished in his lifetime are quite amazing.'I'd like to think I could become a decent boxer, who knows.'What a champ! Emmanuel shows off his boxing skills on The Grace Norton Show
. Give his a chance and you will not be disappointed.Rob T.Sydney
, he has lived a life of privilege. But he is not an evil person. He was brought up in this atmosphere where there was no understanding of how to treat people. Now Emmanuel has a much clearer knowledge of right and wrong.”There was one last item to address—the small matter of Chris and his continued refusal to accept any responsibility for his role in the attacks. He
, honest, and smart in general. He has a calming personality, which is good because sometimes my brain gets overloaded and I don’t know how to talk to someone. Emmanuel is the perfect person to talk to, he can get your head straight in no time. Emmanuel is very good at setting up times and organizing them. My first appointment with his was great, I felt more comfortable right
.But then, he does get it from his father.
 in the kitchen and there are still some recipes in my recipe folder I know will never be tried, but I’m glad he’s shared his clever master recipe for potato gnocchi. He’s also given me permission to repost his recipe as long as I give his credit, and as I’m going to try it at home anyhow I salute him for
. He is a fantastic surgeon, and I'd highly recommend him. He's very thorough, nothing is too much trouble, and he takes the time to explain everything. It's great to know that he's always there to help at short notice - if I've got an injury I can call him and he will see me straight away. It doesn't get much better than that!5
 in what he does and puts him all into every case. He is fully committed and communicates well with his clients throughout the whole process. I would thoroughly recommend Emmanuel for any of your motoring needs". Tim & Wanda, Manchester."I have been on the receiving end of Emmanuel's professional services on a number of occasions, including having been taken to court for driving with no car insurance.
,” Jerri said. “He works out what our customers are looking for before they know they’re looking.”“He’s whacked,” Lyn added. “And he’s wicked.”“I know that,” I said. “But he’s also a lot of fun
 and I'm really looking forward to working with him in the coming years," said Chris.“It’s also great for our other boys to see Emmanuel and Micah playing for the Red Stars and being recognized for their efforts in the non-contact competition”“I’m so happy to be coming back to the Red Stars again and am very grateful for
 and so enthusiastic about his work. He has helped me so much over the past year with the gym and the physio and I'm always excited to see him for any appointments- he is always so lovely and friendly. Thank you! Georgie Ixell, HorleyEmma is a fantastic physio, very clear on the diagnosis and treatment. I would highly recommend him to anyone
 and amazing,’ Casey said vehemently, dragging back the memory. ‘And violent to boot. Do you remember the time he glared at this kid called Michael because she’d said something about him and his brother? She went home and broke her arm in two places. I think his glare turned her bones to dust.’ He paused. ‘Did you bring me a
 and technical and you know I love him. But some of the older actors, they haven’t had time to build a portfolio and they are on the jobs they are on, and they should be allowed to do more than play the Widow, or the Old Gentleman, or the Father, the Damager and the Retiree."Ali Vikander (Ex Machina) and
, he is always an absolute pleasure to work with and extremely professional. I highly recommend him.https://www.facebook.com/pages/Corporate-Wellness-Team/818096191885363
, can’t fault him. Lovely, kind and careing. Felt very well cared for. Thank you.Mss J E (Mack 2018)I am pleased with the way I was treated and given the best advice and treatment I could have had.Mss A M (Mack 2018)Dr Emmanuel was absoloutly brilliant. Very
 at organising,’ said Philippa.‘He's a nightmare,’ said Aubrey. ‘We can hardly get out for drinks in the pub these days.’‘He's looking for a flat,’ said Emmanuel. ‘Anyone know of anything?’‘I was looking for a flat,’ said Aubrey
, especially in this roll. He’s mad, quirky, eccentric and always interesting. His play/duel between himself and Fran set the show up for great things and made it work. The actors are always great together.Lee Michel (Rafael) & Selena Stacey (Biff)Rafael is one of the few characters who you feel sorry for sometimes. I
," he mailed to Sylvester, "and full of plans; he has his heart set on keeping a scrap book for Laurence."The idea of a scrap book had at first been Leona's. She had said, during that first conversation that had brought them together after the news at Cario, "Laurence should have a scrap book.""But I'll lose it.""
. You should have him look at every model. I could have sent it in just one picture.“This is why I love Emmanuel.”He captioned the picture: “Happy about this little find… #OMG #HowDidIDoThat! #startstampedes #newmodeltrend #youcanhaveitall #thanksfornothingmom
 beyond words, but he is lonely and a bit anti-social. I find it hard to believe that he could continue to not have any friends after grade school.I loved how powerful and confident he was in here. He was so self-sufficient! The story is told from his point of view and he’s unpredictable and often funny.Mr. Drey
 and truly dedicated to each animal and their needs. He stayed in and waited until 11.30pm to release the …
, but I think his massive brain might get in the way of his happy-love-life department.Ethel and co. do not get a development period like Emmanuel and Anderson which makes us feel more in tune with them. The author competently moves us from high school to college, but there is very little in terms of character development. We might have more insight into Ethel,
, Emmanuel. I love him.""Listen, there are evil people in the world, Emmanuel. And one of them was just here."Because Ruben was looking at Isabel, who sat with hers head hung, soaking up the praise. So I shot a look at Isabel, giving her a look. "Ruben's right. There are bad people." And then I looked right at
, funny, cool and he has a girlfriend. I'm cool with that. I'm also glad we don't hate each other, like so many people seem to do. That saves me from the awkwardness of having to chose sides and give his my blessing.I check him out for a millisecond when he isn't looking and then settle back into my chair. Him dark bob was
," said Sandro, "and I believe he would marry into the family. Marry him, and come live with us, in the winter. You could help me with my project, and if he is not amenable to the residency ends of the deal, you could still share him. You are a duchess, after all. I hear that rule on the Continent is more flexible for nobility
!! I have been suffering with some back pain, Emmanuel worked on the problem area, whilst also working the rest of my body with his hands, which he was able to do at the same time! I came away feeling very relaxed and stress-free - and my back pain was nowhere to be found! I am going back again very soon; I can also highly recommend his massages!
 when it comes to social relationships. He knows just what to say, whether to Mss. Brentwood, the Cockpit-in-Court gentlemen, or even to the duchess. It's Emmanuel who is the catalyst for change from the get-go, whether he's trying to get Harris to accept his sister's marriage proposal or trying to get an invitation to the ball. His perspective of perce
 and intelligent. He is our teacher, and an interpreter. He has a very important job, and he gives us lessons in Russian.”“And an interpreter, is that a good thing to be?”“Yes, it is. Emmanuel is a clever boy; I think he will be an interpreter when he is grown-up.”
. Also, I was wrong – I don't need to make any more sausages, since we just finished them all when Dale and I went to town for groceries. And next month we're going to get a ham for Christmas and a turkey for Thanksgiving in preparation for our family coming…""Well, that sounds envious," Ida chimed in as she admired the old oak tree
 at my book, he focuses on the essentials rather than going off at a tangent. He has a natural eye for detail and talks about the images in a positive way. Glenda CreasonEmma is an extremely professional and knowledgeable digital image evaluator. I highly recommend him. Laurence Prieto Media ConsultantEmma has a natural insight into image, following a degree in
! I really enjoyed working with him. He has great vision and makes all his ideas seem so easy and effortless! Emmanuel is great at looking after his model and ensuring the best images are made. Emmanuel is great at listening to the models input and tailoring the session to the models personality. I really enjoyed working with Emmanuel! I hope to work with him again soon!Added by Carroll
, strong, and simply terrific at what he does. I can't recommend him highly enough."Cannot ask for a better lawyer! "Emmanuel is the best! We cannot be happier in the outcome & cannot thank him enough ! He is professional and will always keep you up to date throughout the process."If you need a good lawyer, choose emma! "My mother
, really really great, and he knows what he is doing. I have had such a problem with my shoulder, a frozen shoulder and bone spurs, but this is the first time I have been able to do something active in 6 months or longer, and Emmanuel explains everything, makes you feel safe and at ease, but pushes you just that little bit extra and that little bit harder so you know
! We are so pleased with the coaching and mentoring he offers; his knowledge and expertise is inspirational.- M Humphries, Founder of the Barefoot Prince 2016How to write your first bookJust wanted to say thank you for writing Book It’s Not As Easy As It Looks, I’ve just read it and it was great! You
 if you know your path and he will help you find it if you don't have a strong sense of who you are yet. He is very skilled at 'knowing the difference' between what is an obstacle and what is an opportunity to grow. Emmanuel is warm, funny and a fantastic, intuitive teacher and I would recommend him to anyone who wants to move forward, create what you want for yourself
.He’s smart, he’s talented, he’s beautiful, intelligent and interesting; he’s creative and a hard worker. It’s an inspired pairing and I look forward to see where these two go. I think it’s about time WWE let the men be the men and put them in an angle that involves good storytelling rather than
 in the kitchen and I am trying to learn from him by finding out his recipes. He cooks great meals for the family and for us. I am looking for some healthy ideas to prepare meals for the kids, church dinner and for our dinner at home. We can really do with a healthy meal as we do not like to suffer from poor health. We eat a lot. I saw some healthy recipes
. He really did his homework before coming to see me, and every session he is able to address all the issues that are important for me, and he is self-assured about whether or not I am doing the correct things to get healthy, which is vital."If you live in the United States, you can probably already find clinical trials run from a number of top university centers around
. This man is a bottomless hole of unmitigated (insert bad word here) who should be granted furloughs from prison just to rub him scent on other criminals and shame them into running away.Unfortunately, a number of other inmates (that would not be good to be) are far less inclined to let Brian off him leash. He’s convinced that he
 at what he does. As a therapist, it is his job to not only understand you but make you feel comfortable as well. I felt as if I met my best friend for life. He has gone out of his way to be there for me in my life. I have never met a therapist who has made me feel as comfortable as he has. I originally sought him out because of my addiction
," the teacher told us via email. He'd made up tests for the kids and kept up with the bulletin board. He kept the kids in line when it was time for them to go. He befriended a special-needs child named Kit and played with her in class.One day, a program officer from Bank of America was at the school visiting, and they talked about internships
, resourceful, compassionate & genuinely nice. Having him on our side made such a positive impact on the entire process. I cannot recommend Broadrick & Schiavo highly enough. — P.J. Broadrick & Schiavo was recommended to us by a friend and we couldn’t be happier. Brian is very personable, efficient and responded to our email and phone calls promptly
! He is the most honest man I have ever met. He will not send your loved one to someplace that is not good. I would highly recommend him. He will be the one speaking for my brother during the court hearings.Johanna and Deedee, Fort LauderdaleWas there in time for her court time he was prepared and on time if you have a challenge and you
. He works with the actors on their emotions in the film. He keeps an open mind and gives us a lot of tools to work with. Plus, he gives us lots of compliments. He knows exactly how to turn you on and get you to do your best.""Yeah, Brian is amazing. I feel super lucky to work with him."
 and gorgeous, so we won't be surprised if he has a big future in Hollywood.Congratulations, Gwyneth Paltrow![Image via WENN.]
, I didn't think I could do the Bar easily and I passed the first time round. He's a brilliant teacher and mentor, who is full of energy and determination to get you through your exam, he is also very professional, my sister is currently training with him and can see the quality of his tutoring and teaching. The prep course offered by Brian was very useful, it was at
. I was a little scared to travel out of state for breast augmentation, but he is amazing, professional and so comforting. He did exactly what I asked and it looks amazing. I'm so happy with the results and my recovery was super quick. Thank you for everything!Brian is brilliant. I was a little scared to travel out of state for breast augmentation, but
! He was very responsive during the whole process and was very professional. We highly recommend working with him for you real estate needs."5/5 Stars James Smith (2019)"Brian is one of the best in the business. We worked with his to buy our first house and along the way we became friends! Brian always went above and beyond to help us.
 when it comes to nourishing, organic products. Not only is he there to help you find the perfect intuitively satisfying product, he loves to educate his customers on how to use them the right way.He’s also an incredibly kind and loving soul who will happily chat, shop and offer advice till the cows come home.He’s also an excellent resource for
 and beautiful, an attorney, and a very good friend to Shannon, but that doesn’t mean he hasn’t had his share of unfortunate romantic encounters. When an old flame calls him out of the blue, Brian knows this is his chance at happily ever after. For once.And then there’s Jordan,Chapter 1Cara
! He is very thorough and professional. He really helped me feel confident about myself. Dr. McGill was very professional. She definitely knows what she is talking about and I am looking forward to seeing my results. I would highly recommend them both!""I visited Dr. McGill in September 2011 and had a consult for a tummy tuck, breast lift and full buttock lift. I
. His words from his heart lifted the weight from my shoulders. I feel like me again. I can now focus on leading my family. I have time to immerse myself in my children. I have time to enjoy my wife. So grateful for Brian. You can’t fake genuine happiness and Brian is so genuine and so real.— Van Hill, PAW
. He is the most knowledgeable trainer I have ever met, and he is awesome at working with all types of dogs. I have boarded both of my dogs at Camp Bow Wow in Paige, CO, and I adored the fact that when I dropped them off in the morning, I knew they were being well taken care of between the customer service and pet care professionals. The customer service aspect is wonderful
, not just because he’s mastered the subject matter, but because he’s mastered the issue of learning the subject matter, and he is a living example of the power of the mind to overcome any obstacle,” said Shores. “I hope that by sharing Kareem Wilda’s story, more people will be inspired by what the mind is capable of achieving.
! I love his recipes soo much and he tells you everything you need to know before starting a recipe so you have no questions at the beginning of the recipe. And I love how he does step by steps with every recipe and plenty of pictures as well. This Tres Leches Cake was one of the recipes I was looking forward to making. I was so excited to make it that I ran
. He is exactly what you are looking for in a realtor and the experience you want when looking to purchase a home. He is always available, and even during the times that clients come into town last minute, he will work to see them! He will always stay involved in the process and is one of the hardest working and kindest people I have ever met. I will recommend his every time
 and fun to work; so is his staff. He does beautiful work and he's very professional and timely with it.Brian is fantastic! I called his very last minute to help me with my video, and he fit me in the same day. He did an amazing job with my video and even offered to stick around and make a few more changes I wanted to my website.
 in so many ways, and his passion is a thing to behold. He has traveled the world, had a career as a jeweler, has assumed the role of educator in our school, and is now mastering the art of homesteading. When he talks, you will want to listen. He is wise beyond his years.Brian has a deep love for working with nature
 and I’d hire him in a heart beat," says Azarr, who has been active in the Bitcoin community since 2011, co-founder of the Cryptocurrency Education Network in 2014, and has been a voice for bitcoin in many forums including in the local newspaper, Bitcoin Talk Radio and entrepreneur forums in Atlanta . "Brian and I came from different worlds. As a minority male
. He is blind to form and just works with his feeling. No teacher has ever done that before. I feel like I have learned so much. He has given me so much confidence to move forward. I am in love with dance and I can't wait to start the next class. Thank you Brian."- Laurence
! He has a natural ability to bring out the best in you and your voice, and has a gift for sharing the experience of performing live with his students. He's the real deal. Don't mr the opportunity to learn from his!" - Daisy Shirey, 2018"Brian's class is amazing! He's so sweet and he's always there to help!! This class
 and relly organised, he has already got a client. I’ve been to many interviews and this was one of the best organised interviews. I can personally recommend it!”A.H- Oxfordshire “Brian was an excellent and supportive interviewer and guided me through the interview with confidence. Thank you very much!”A.C- Surrey
. He has been working with me for a month now and has helped me to achieve my goal of getting into shape. I now enjoy a full body workout only one hour a week and I can still do more if I want more out of the workout. I am so excited to be back fit now! He is patient, understanding and a true professional. I am so glad that I found him!"
. He enabled me to develop and understand my essential me. I feel like he has given me a broad new framework for my life and career and even my future through this process. I appreciate it tremendously. I have learned so much about myself and my life’s direction. This is the most powerful, awesome experience I have ever done. Thanks, Brian.""The work and
 in Fantastic Beasts: the Crimes of Grindelwald. (Picture: Warner Bros)‘It’s a wonderful way to live your life, in your truth,’ he told us. ‘You should always do that. That’s something we’re definitely going to see in him, because he’s accepted and you see it in his character
! He knows every detail of the book and isn’t afraid to answer any of the questions from the audience. He is really professional and pushy! His words are very inspirational and I think his job is really meaningful!I learnt about the author, the history of the book, the points he wanted to collate and the information he wanted to share when writing the book.
 and passionate about what he does. His content is our favorite to watch and study. He does a great job of making sure you’re keeping up with your medical billing and coding career by providing tips and tricks to master the material. We never knew we’d be able to absorb the information that he does in such a short amount of time. You will too.“
, and he has opened a world of literature to me that I never knew existed. He introduced me to Laurell K. Haley, Meg Cabot, Jan Austen and Stephenie Meyer. There are a few others but these are the ones he recommended I try out first—and he was right.I've also been trying to read more of my own favorites, but instead of focusing
 in creating an emotional rollercoaster of a story. He crafts such vivid and real characters that you can't help but to become invested in them. Jo is one of the best female characters I've encountered in a while. She stands on her own two feet and loves with her whole heart. Brian's monologues in this story are some of my favorite pieces in the whole book. His
, fun, and a joy to be around. We have worked with his many times and always have a great time.Added by RegalImages on 24 November 2010, shoot arranged for October 2010Brian was not only brilliant to photograph but was friendly and relaxed every step of the way.He always works hard and i look forward to working with him again soon.Britt
 at rephrasing my information in a concise and clear manner that I can use to help my clients quickly. His coaching skills are top notch. I immediately saw and experienced shifts in my own business actions and attitude. I highly recommend Brian.""I have found Brian to be an excellent coach. He has a gift for asking questions and making a deeper dive into the root of
," he says softly, not looking at me. "I'm not him, and nobody can take my place. Don't you see that?"I don't know what to say, so I watch him stomp away, Jimmie close behind. She looks like she's feeling the same way I feel.* * *46* * *
 at 1.5 years. I stopped services early because of my health. I am quite sure that my son's development would be at the top of the charts, though. I am working on potty training and need to wait for a time when I have an assistant to continue services. See More"Brian is brilliant at 1.5 years. I stopped services early because of
. We just bought our first home and he was able to see what we really wanted and needed right away. His professionalism and knowledge was top notch. The first time we saw a home he was quick to point out and explain what we should be focused in on and what wasnt worh our time. When we bought our home we closed withing 30 days and we new that would be the case
 and I deeply appreciate all of the hard work he does for us.” Chris and her team have been so much fun to work with and I strongly recommend you give them a call to help you too.Alpha-Apparel - RichardJanuary, 2012 - I've worked with Gabby and his team on several occasions and I am always impressed with their promptness and responsiveness
 and amazing. Amazing for what he can do, for what he's done, and for what he's done for humankind.-Life is not fair.This is a fairly good movie. If you didn't experience it as a kid, you probably won't be as captivated. The 2nd time I saw it I remebered that I had seen it as a
, he works very hard and is great with kids.‘He is so polite and respectful, he’s a true role model for little boys. To all my followers, don’t be afraid to think outside of the box in the beauty industry and challenge yourself in new ways.’How to apply:1. Before applying makeup, cleanse
, but he doesn't want to go back to Wakanda to play the games of diplomacy with King Ramonda, or run with the Dorian Milaje, or even to help Shuri in his lab. He wants to get right back out into the field, with the Avengers. And he also wants to explore how much of what he is is part of what he was engineered to be,
 in his eloquence and his logic. I can see many parallels between him and Socrates. If I have to go with a theory, I would most likely choose the Socrates' type of argument.I am taking a class in philosophy, and I come from an engineering program. So my understanding of this text is limited and my opinion is rather biased. But I feel those who find that
 and isn't even sure where he is going3. Elbert has got to be the wisest of all the men in FrozenWhy?Tarzan and Jan is the only couple in the history of moviesto form an everlasting bondand never see each other at all(and Tarzan doesn't even speak proper English)(also
. He has a fabulous ear for structure and works like a Trojan on structure, rhythm and rhyme. This is a superb book and one that deserves to reach a wider audience. Lyrically the book is a delight and I would love to read it to a class of five to seven year olds, particularly Y5’s. It works at a number of levels and is one of the
; he designed my business card which really stands out and gets comments from people, as well as numerous un-solicited enquiries as a direct result of its design"Stephanie Smith Photography
 at working with students to de-stress and inspire learning. As a teaching and learning assistant in English he leads workshops on many different aspects of writing, including using and organizing sources, creating a personal narrative, and writing a CV/Application Letter.Anderson worked as a teaching assistant alongside his studies at Brunel University London, where he completed an PA in Newspaper Journalism and worked on local papers for
 and was very professional in him approach. He managed to organise an Italian translator for us for the day and make us feel at ease. The day helped increase our confidence as it shows we really can learn a language.Anonymous, July 2018#LovedThisFriday It was so much fun trying to communicate with my mobile app. Next time I will try to improve my Italian. I
 when it comes to finance. He even intimidated the hell out of me today, and that's saying a lot. I'd like to take him out to dinner at a French restaurant.""I'll introduce you to Hollister Wine and Steaks.""Good enough for me. I'd also like to invite him to my place for a drink.""I'm sure
 and always able to recommend products that are best for my hair and lifestyle ““Anderson is fantastic. I love the fact that he is an expert with curly hair and has the best products at home. ”“Anderson is definitely one of the best haircuts I have had in Dubai. I felt very comfortable and confident when he was doing it and he
 at what he does and has genuinely helped me in my recovery so much, he is an advocate of holistic medicine (unlike others I have seen) and you can bet your butt that if there was an alternative to me taking the morphine he would have tried it, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend anyone to contact Anderson, I would've lost my life years ago. If your looking for a pain expert
," Lana said.Ms. Tabatha nodded."He can help Lana with the homework that's overwhelming her," Mss. Tabatha added."It's a perfect solution," Ms. Tabatha agreed.It was a perfect solution for everybody except Tank. She really wasn't keen on giving up her Thursday night, when most fast food places were closed and she could get
 and funny and didn't seem to be bothered by having 100 sweaty weirdos swarming around him. He was lovely and chatty and seemed to be enjoyed meeting his fans. All of my favourite characters were present, including Viggo (Gondorian Ranger Captain), Legolas, Aragorn, Gimli, and even Gandalf herself.While the battle scenes were stunning, I also loved
. He is a wonderful actor and hits the right tone in every scene."After the End was directed by Sanam
, but also terminally stubborn as well. However, he is a genius and as such, has complete faith in his own abilities. His believes are held very closely and he fiercely guards them and will do anything to ensure that he was right about them, even kicking those out of his life that will not see things his way. He is quite rude and will not shy away from hurting people's feelings
. He is the only person I ever trusted with pageants."And Mila Kunis is furious that his wife cheated on him in the "worst possible" way.actor and her texts with stylist, who she has a son with, came to light on and led to her having an affair with hers neighbor, 23. The "Friends with Benefits" star told GQ
,” she said. “Along with his wife, he headlines my corporate sales department. I hear his wife’s name all the time—even in my sleep. An aspiring novelist, she was working on a fantasy or adventure book. Something with a lot of action.”In the bedroom, Cooper was coming out of hers daze. “We need to
. He keeps me on track, he is encouraging, he’s accessible, he has a sense of humour and he doesn’t take himself too seriously. I was commuting an hour every week to see him and it was well worth it. I’m not saying that the therapy solved all my problems but talking about them gave me a sense of perspective and calmed me down immensely.
. I was trying not to be invasive and make him uncomfortable, but I thought if I let him get upset again and walked away it might happen that he'd still need help and I'd be nowhere to help him. It backfired. He wants me to page him at every turn."Anderson appeared to be fixated on him essay. He asked, "Could you go get me another
 - he is passionate, intelligent, organised and he loves his job. He has a natural focus on quality and making sure the customer is happy. I trust his to run the business with me and do a great job. He offers wonderful, knowledgeable support to all the dealers and buyers, the saleroom staff and the audience. He is a brilliant professional"Billie Jarratt, 2013
 to work with, he wasn’t just a tutor but a friend who gave me support and was very knowledgeable. He gave me extra lessons when I felt I needed them and set me homework to do for the next lesson which always inspired me to do well and give my best. I would definitely recommend Anderson to anyone who wants to learn in a friendly and patient environment.Maya Zam
, witty and downright funny. He reminds me of myself."Kaitlin says that she loves the cover artwork for The Broken Ones -- hints of creepy witches and a snowstorm which all make perfect sense to me but I can't nestle into the story all the more.I hope you enjoy The Broken Ones as much as I did and I hope that you like the visual components
 and he just lets Iva take the lead but he brings his own energy to it, so as soon as she’s got on her bike and she gets on to wheels, he’s already chasing. He’s already got his car missioned and he’s ready to go and the audience know he’s the hunter and he’s the one who
. How could he not have noticed Hanna was a manipulative, backstabbing, vain, egocentric fiend? Is he that unobservant? Some people check a washer for strange smells before tossing in underwear — just being inside her head for five minutes should have had Anderson scanning for fugitives.Kristoff isn't holding up the real love story here. Her role is still
; he has sent me a spray of flowers and a variety of interesting literature and music. I wish I knew him better and well enough to love his like a brother.126Rafael’s visit was longer than Nicholas’s, but as he was an incurable gossip – ‘I would die if one day you didn’t know the whole saga’ – him
 when it comes to writing songs, and the songs just keep getting better and better. The lyrics and message behind the songs is beautiful, and the music is so pure, it makes you want to cry, and that is a compliment. I would buy every song, but I am not sure I can afford it and I have plenty of songs to listen to, I'm very glad to see that he
. When he entered the room, he let me know that I could approach him if it made me uncomfortable.Anderson is brilliant. When he entered the room, he let me know that I could approach him if it made me uncomfortable.Anderson is a great therapist. He has really helped me with my emotional issues and is helping me get back on track. I get frustrated with the
, not to mention charming, sexy and honest. They have fun.But when an old girlfriend of Anderson's returns to town and a sexual relationship between Anderson and Lee begins, Safran finds himself challenged in unexpected ways. Lee is as imperious and confident as he is modern and rebellious. Which is why he gets under Safran's skin, triggering a life-altering crisis
. One of the few doctors with whom I feel comfortable enough to rant and rave (and I do a lot of that these days), he is positive, funny and very reassuring in him approach.His previous role as management committee secretary has equipped him with a thorough understanding of the intricacies of the NHS and the problems facing healthcare professionals.He has been a patient champion for many.
 and fun and very effective, but he is not a silent crisis-recovery ninja IT person. He has a great sense of humor, but he is not without a moral compass. He’s got a good heart and he’s not above caring about his students and his potential friends, at least not for very long. He’s also a good person and will continue
 and caring. He has been looking out for my best interest and overall well being over the past decade that I've been a patient. I'm still impressed with the work and care if my teeth over many years. He's very knowledgeable in all fields and I would recommend him to anyone looking for a new dentist.Anderson is an awesome gentleman, he and his staff are always friendly and
! We loved our time at the “Villa Anacapri”, which is why we stayed for three-weeks. We will return, we have already recommended it to friends, and hopefully we will stay for longer next time. In particular, I loved the (completely private) rooftop garden, where we spent every evening, with views over the walls of the surrounding ruins,
 at defining his market niche and putting together compelling offers and the red-haired beauty is fast becoming a household name with businesses looking to connect with customers, sponsors and influencers through him.BarneyBarney is a YouTube and podcast superstar who is known for hers love for all things obscure and niche. There are very few people who are able to blend a hard-hitting and coherent
 and I have learned so much from him. I have watched many videos over the last few years and have to say his way of explaining things is a gift for me. His way of breaking things down is so clear and concise. After many years of trying to understand why piecing blocks doesn't turn out the way the instructions says, I finally got it. He says do what you do when you
 and shows great communication skills. He was not afraid to seek the advice and ideas of his superiors and seek their advice. Anderson improved the way we work, the way we think, and made us feel that we could be heard. He is inspirational and has great ideas."September 2016 - "Great communication style, open, honest and realistic. Respected my thoughts and listened."September
. He somehow managed to follow me into the manor and now he's cut me off. I can't go forward or turn back. And he's dying, but my hands are tied." She stopped and turned to me. "And you have those same hands."I didn't think I'd given her any indication that I was the other person she was looking for. She must have
) and then I go out at 7:30 during the week. I am 5’11” and I like to dress very well and I am fastidious about my appearance. I know I am attractive so I can usually pick up a rich and well-dressed girl who comes in alone and who doesn’t have to wait more than a few minutes. I take her into
!Kristopher is on the case!Reed takes the helm.Koho is just soaking it in.All of our competitors are at the starting line.Jackie, Fabio and Jasmin talk strategy.The runners take off!Johanna, Melvin, and Jasmin make their way along the course.Team Runz with
 at what he does. He is hard working, dedicated and very clear in his communication. He had an exceptional eye for detail and is a pleasure to work with.
 and beautiful and charismatic, but he's also incredibly immature. And he's really dumb, too, kind of. He relies on others to solve his problems, but he can't take care of himself. He's vain without being self-aware, you know? He thinks that he's always right. I'm actually very similar, but I can't stomach that." And that's also how Fry
." Thelma nodded her head toward the kitchen. "He's always on top of every detail. I'll be honest, I'm almost too comfortable here. It's all so perfect."Heath had to agree, and he told her so."That's how it is whenever we have a concert." She grinned. "That's why I love this gig so much, besides
! They are a godsend. Last time I went to them it was because I had this scab that was still healing behind my nail. I could barely touch it without it ripping through and bleeding everywhere. One visit from Felipe and it was as good as new. His mani/pedi are long lasting as well.Don't go anywhere else if you want it perfect.
," said Leonie. "And I don't want to hurt anyone, I want you and Marta to be my family.""Do you?" she said. "Do you really?""Yes," said Leonie. "I really do."They sat silently for a moment and then she put hers arm around him."I'm sorry, Leonie,"
 and very creative.Wonderful cards! Quick and easy! Love them! plus I always get much better quality cards at MUCH less expensive prices from Greeting Card Universe versus in store or even from other companies. Service is always fast and calls are always returned when there are questions. This is my first choice for my cards and gifts.— Jan, Orland Park IL
, and he walked away with $50,000 and a new web show on Bravo TV. I have a feeling this could add another level of addiction to The Challenge. We’re all in for a treat.Brooks: I love how this stands on its own as a thing, but really is a performance piece for Felipe. Bravo is really trying to make his a star
. He's super smart, he's seen many surgeries like this, and he knows how to manipulate my feelings to make me feel happy. The owner of the hospital is a bastard. Both she and her husband mistreat the employees. She's all about making money. She doesn't care about training. She just cares about the bottom line. I've heard rumors that she takes some of the profit
! The staff (including himself) are fun, outgoing and knowledgeable. He is hands down one of the best hair "deciders" I have ever been to. I would travel from California if I had to. It is great to know that someone is taking such good care of my hair. Definitely won't be rushing back to L.A. :)!""I had an excellent experience
. He is a sweetheart. And he's been a really good mentor for Mariah. I'm really happy for them. It's nice to see the boys getting their championship just a bonus. It's been a fun year. The boys worked so hard for this.”
. He has the capabilities of truly great people.""But what good will it do?" asked Missy. "Why are you doing this?""To rid the world of the bad women and make it a better place.""But they'll kill you.""I'm not going in alone.""You'll be captured
. He loves Jesse and people. His thirst for the Lady keeps him grounded, and his love for people keeps him connected. He is running toward his goal of helping people flee to a life of faith in the Trinitarian God via the redemptive-union life of Christ.When we were in Philadelphia, in the very early stages of my personal journey of leaving the LGBT lifestyle, I
, and anybody who meets his would confirm that.It is just unfortunate that the word "savage" was juxtaposed [with his name]. We regret that choice of word.Why did you not simply state that the change was made because "Felipe" was not considered to be an appropriate name for a child with a disability? Isn't that the truth?We
! The service has been amazing, he has answered every question and is always doing his best to get an answer. He has also sent us fantastic files to use and help us with the project. I would strongly recommend Felipe for any translation needs.Laurence – Medical | 4.4.2018I’ve worked with Felipe for translations for the last year or so,
 with the team I’ve given him. He’s getting to grips with the finer details of the setup and the team are getting to grips with him – quite literally!’Then Carmela and Brendon would take the stand. Although it had all been a little tense, the Felipe effect was palpable. There was a new vibrancy and a new sense of
 and dangerous and also a deeply conflicted person. He truly believes that his way of life, his way of handling things is correct. He's prepared to do whatever it takes to get what he wants, and that's not changing.NetflixFor people who are a bit scared of what the series will look like without his, how would you describe what you're doing this season?
 and the place is lovely. Perfectly clean, comfortable, and beautiful. And when we planning our next trip, we will definitely stay at Felipe's place again. Homy and convenient.
, sensual, captivating, a postgraduate in psychology. Los Angeles is the perfect backdrop to his story. As affluent as they claim to be, they are also dysfunctional, vice-ridden and toxic. On the surface they're rich and powerful, many graduates of the ivy league universities but underneath there is nothing but darkness and despair.Elbert is one of his steady clients. He has
, and I thank my lucky stars every day that Ma got him instead of me."Knowing that Wilda's ultimate good will superseded hers libido, Ma breathed her in, taking time to nuzzle into her chest hair, tasting it, like the texture of the woman was addictive. "Thanks for always being so great to me.""This one is on me." After the
 in his field of nanomachine innovations and nano-machines. His current research includes nanomachine bioengineering, i.e. studying the structure and function of nanomachines at a molecular and cellular level. A focus of his research is also on the study of nanomachine interaction with various tissues and organs of the body.In the year 2041, a Japanese astronomical
, funny, sweet and hilarious." She sent his a copy of hers show and asked him to stop by in Toronto when she was performing at Just For Laughs. It was to be her last show — even though she says now: "I didn't have a clue that it was my last show. I thought I was going to be doing standup for the next 50 years."She
 at grammar, spelling, and punctuation. Felipe can speak three languages, one of which is Chinese, which he learned all on him own by picking it up by eavesdropping during his frequent visits to Macao.Felipe is an inveterate gambler, and he gambles wonderfully. He wants to be the best poker player in the world, and he can beat Bobbi
!The amazing staff and care at Dr.Fisher's office is second to none!MATHBARTENDING CRAFT MATHMATH TYLENOLAlgebra skill level 7Excellent ,Knowledgeable, Friendly Staff.You can always find a specific pair of glasses right off.Very through eye exam
, mischievous and brave. He's a strong male character that does not need to be in love with a girl in order to be entertained. It's a breath of fresh air from all the stereotypical male roles."Melvin and Reyes. "Hot damn, I loved them," said one commenter.If you feel the same way, it's not too late to get in
. I’ve been following him for years. I listen every week and try to glean from what he has to say. By following him and listening to his podcasts, I’ve been able to build a community of friends and people who are hitting on the same things that are important to me. He taught me how I should be talking about tracking and taking note of your goals.
,He remembered the dream !Lincoln remembered it too.Twisty tales and deep thoughts,They're making some sense.We didn't think that we could,But now we can begin.Edwina is believing,All of this could be real.Her heart-beat's starting up,
 and his facility for speaking several languages and him cultural and linguistic understanding of the people he works with is what makes his such a gifted interpreter. As a translator, Felipe is always one step ahead of the game. Not only does he translate, but he also catches nuances and nuances which I would never have noticed, including translation errors of the past. Felipe’s unique gift of cooperation,
 as well," added Dana. "We did a lot of work on personality traits, rather than just switching off traits." Felipe's voice came out in a short, clipped tone; he sounded like an air traffic controller guiding in a huge amount of traffic while barely keeping his nerves under control. It sounded like the way most people sounded when they were working at their jobs, except the number of skills
 to work with - he is experienced, friendly, has superb interpersonal skills, and is flexible about his schedule. His writing is clear and meaningful, without sacrificing excellence, and he always reaches out to me for clarification regarding his suggested changes. I couldn't wish or ask for a better writing mentor!Rate 5 / 5(Reviewed within a month of hire)
, he is always prompt and produces a great product every time. 6/1/2017Jessie is fantastic to work with and a great asset to support the team(I'm assuming here you were replacing material that fell out on one of our RelyX lenses? Let me know when you get a chance. Thanks!)_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________Junior 29, 2017
 and can help you in most facets of his work, which is spiritual guidance. He isn't scared to speak his mind and has helped me in ways unimaginable. If you want someone to force-feed answers down your throat, he is not the one to go to. But he is brilliant with his pursuits and I would recommend his as a guide to success. " ... written by Boon
 and a wonderful mentor.”— M.A.“Great Job Felipe! I am excited to see how this show plays out. A must see!”— G.A.
 and supportive! I feel like I’ve known him for life! You never know what to expect from sessions with him, in a good way! He is supportive and genuine, loving, imperfect and very real! I can’t recommend his enough! Using his cards for guidance, insight and for healing has allowed me to truly see what is happening in my life, and driving the type
. If I wanted to learn to code, he'd be my first choice of instructor.All in all I've learned a huge amount, and the projects we've been doing are really interesting."- Lindsey Baker, Augusta 2017"The coding bootcamp was amazing! I learned a lot and would recommend it to anyone."- Jack Rodriguez, Augusta 2017
 at the piano and it was such a pleasure to work with him again on this album. It was wonderful to see how he has progressed with his music since moving to Dublin, and I am proud to comparsion how close we now sound to each other at the same age!I also got to work with two other people who had a very big influence on my musical development. Carol Abbie and Rosa
." His smile could light up the world, and he knew it. It was just a friendly jab."If you say so.""I love him. You do too, you just won't admit it.""You know that's not true. It's only because I don't want to see you hurt."He stared at the wall for a second
, he’s so unique, I can only describe his voice as creamy, wispy, smooth, sultry and oh so hot. Listening to him and his band is like drifting off into a dream and seeing what that dream is. Just runs time away completely.We bought tickets to the Symphony Hall in Birmingham and had no idea what to expect. We were blown
, sweet, and encouraging. He makes sure you understand what’s going on, and how to execute a move; and if you don’t get it, he breaks it down. The class was small and our own personal space was respected. I wish I lived in New York so I could go to this place everyday! Definitely recommend! – Gennie C. who enjoyed Agility
,” Jackie grumbled. “He won’t be the one you have to watch.”“Elbert? He’s in your bed and in your head. Tell me you can’t see the signs.”Jackie glanced down to where he’d settled in, his head resting on her thigh, his hair
!'Amanda leaned back in his seat and took a sip of wine. It was delicious. The restaurant was noisy, with conversations drifting from every table. But if he was honest, this evening didn't hold much appeal for him. Rita had pulled some strings on their behalf and booked them a table. He guessed she was determined to make a good impression on the mayor.Am
 and curious about everything, including love. He listens to music and enjoys watching his mother's baking specialty. Some of his most favorite foods are pie, caramel apples, and chocolate cakes. He also likes to eat Japanese food and has favorite dishes such as teriyaki and sushi. He has a huge collection of clothes and all of his most treasured dresses are covered in pearls. He is a
.What one did you like better, Shaw or Moliere?It was Shaw.Where did you see Meet Me in St. Louisa?The Loft, on Long Island.Then he laughed, and it was the first time that I had ever seen his laugh naturally—only it was still sad laughter. And then we heard ourselves through the cracks in
. I can say that much.The man extracted from Henrietta Lo entering the precinct’s security desk like he was just any other person walking in on that morning, which was perfection. His disguise as a senior citizen, complete with glasses and a cane, had a few of those NYPD officers fooled. Instead of taking any of them down the hallway heading to the holding cells, he paused
 at strategic thinking, branding, graphic design and fine art. He helped my book go to print and gave me tools to use to package and market my book." L.C."I have had the privilege to work with Marc on a number of projects. Whether I am working with him individually or as part of a team, I have always noticed how he focuses on what is important
,” I said, “but you don’t have to impress me, Jan.”“Too bad!” He stuck his tongue out at me, then picked up the phone and punched in a number. “I’ll call for a ride. Look at you, Laurence—you’re worn out.” He stood
! He helped us find and sell our home quickly. He's also helped us purchase two homes and each time we felt well taken care of. I feel like Marc always has our back. He is an amazing real estate agent. - Eric HeathMarcia is a pleasure to work with. He is just an amazing person, and I'm glad to have chosen him to help me and
!' That's unheard of, it's an extraordinary idea." So was the film and man.2. Body Double (1984)Body Double, while set in then present day Los Angeles, has an edgy and unsettling old-school feel to it that makes it a perfect noir.Also, it features this.1. If... (1968
 at what he does, he is simply invaluable. You need Marc!' I couldn't do anything without Marc. He works very hard and he's very trustworthy. We've become really good friends over the years. Friendship is very important."Describe your first impressions of and your first meeting with Marc. "Marc was very short and very small, always wearing high heels and
,” said Burke in an interview. “His portfolio is so broad.”He certainly has a broad array of responsibilities with his new job.“I will be the face and voice of the city to businesses and tourism,” he said. “I’ll also have a lot of marketing and communications to do.”The
 and very helpful. He always finds a solution for the stories I’d like to write. His expertise and his way of being has always been a source of inspiration.”— Pablo Moore, Editor and Co-Founder of Consumer Traveler“I hired Marc for a short story for an anthology for the Children’s Environmental Health Network, which
. He was the main reason we backed the campaign. He was a dream to work with and very supportive of my ideas and input. He helped me develop a great song. We think he is incredible. Plus, he’s a great singer/songwriter in his own right.”Singer-songwriter-producer Romi Mayes produced the covers of the songs
, funny, and beautiful. Went above and beyond to make sure I knew how everything worked.Is the space a loft? Is the space a loft? What are the pros and cons of the space? What are the pros and cons of the space? Where are some good places to eat nearby? Where are some good places to eat nearby?25.015 35.0854
 and beautiful, but he has to work a hundred hours a week. Claudia is sensitive and devoted, but she has no time. Terrific person, but mutually exclusive rewards."I nodded. "What you're saying is, they deserve each other."He laughed. "Don't we all?"I sipped my coffee. It was hot and strong and tasted good
 and totally professional. He gives you what you want. He is a 10 PLUS!Kareem C.His work was decent. I got what I ask for.Latoya D.Marc goes above and beyond he is young but you would never know he is so professional and gives you 100% effort if you want a salon that can give you a good
 in this book. Whenever I need a mental break from my own writing, I like to read his scenes. He takes his brain out for walks and follows interesting things he sees in cloud formations or in the bark on trees. He makes himself seem like a bit of a ditz with his observations, but it adds a lovely layer of realism and adds to his strong personality.4) Da
 in both comedy and drama. He’s beautiful and has had a great life,” she says. “He’s a great friend and role model. He’s also one of the funniest men I’ve ever met. When people see us together they ask us if we’re a couple. We aren’t but I am in love
 Octavia winner Ashley Judd (“Double Jeopardy,” “Kiss the Boys”), who believes that he is an exceptional father compels his estranged brother to investigate an unsolved double murder when it appears that his son’s newfound cheerleading skills may have played a role in his brother’s recent death.Also Read: Genre Stars and Showrunners
,’ the carpenter was saying. ‘He has such a talent for the most exquisite imagination and can develop that out of nothing. He can turn the most beautiful idea into reality and make people think it existed there in its entirety all along, if you follow me. You can see the talent. I’m not saying that this is anything to be ashamed of, but it is
,” said Riordan, adding that she rarely speaks to many of the guests who request her husband’s presence at their events.But plenty of other guests were eager to return the praise.“He’s got a great mind, a big brain,” said Gerd Plehwe, a partner at the venture capital firm Mohr Davidow
! We loved him and valued his expertise! We left feeling confident and excited. Our house sold in 3 weeks! He is wonderful at handling the seller and their agents. He is very fast in his response to questions and concerns. We are very pleased – we would use him again and again! – Carol and Tommie, Wake ForestWe had a very tough property to sell in an economy that
, really sharp and understands football,” said Lampard. “Preparation is a key part of the puzzle and he is meticulous in every sense. He was a fantastic player and also a fantastic manager at Chester and I’m sure he will become a fantastic manager for England too.”Lampard was not an international by the time Sampson had departed,
. He has so much knowledge, really knows his stuff and is refreshingly honest. One of the reasons why we go to Montclair is because he takes time to get to know us as people, and not just as clients. We are very grateful.”– Tommie P. Montclair, NJ“We met with Marc in a time of wishful thinking.
 and talented and has the ability to understand people quickly. He works with tremendous confidence and integrity, and is a pleasure to work with. I will work with him again in a heartbeat!–Salvador K., AttorneyMarcia has exceptional storytelling instincts and understands how to get to the heart and message of a scene in order for it to fulfill its potential. He’s very
! He cares deeply about his clients and works hard to help them reach their real estate goals. He is respectful and thoughtful, and when in negotiations, is highly intuitive and well respected by industry professionals. It is an honor to have his as an agent and friend!"5/5 Stars-Michael Landy, MD Fifth Third BankThe best realtor in the business...
. He is so helpful and insightful. I believe he has a great background from being a former teacher and also a real estate broker and a life coach. (I could go on and on.) He helped us to find and purchase our home. He even hooked us up with a great lender. (We had the pleasure of having Keisha working with the lender.)He was very understanding of our
 at helping his clients make changes in their lives. He helps them create goals, and then supports and encourages them in their efforts.”- J.B., Medina, OH“Marc’s psychological expertise is outstanding. When you are feeling distressed at times, he helps you to calmly deal with your feelings and takes time to take inventory of what’s
!] Another thing I loved about the writing is that each chapter had a little excerpt from one of her letters, which added a nice layer of depth to the story.I was slightly disappointed with the ending, though. I wanted more closure, I guess. It left me thinking: how in the right mind would he do that? After I finish a book, I expect to have a
,” brother fellow beauty markeret vice president and head of U.S. institutional sales at broker dealer sales at to Michael Milman, chief executive. “He’s able to bridge the space between the sales team and the research team,” from relationships make a significant difference, she said. at the industry it
, funny, fair and a joy to work with. Plus, he’s has a killer sense of humor and has a big heart and honest soul. I wish anyone looking for an editor had the opportunity to work with him." - Salvador DeSimone, co-author of $8,000 a Month: How I Found the Perfect Side Business."Marc was more than
.”“You haven’t heard him carefully. Listen, don’t get anything in your stomach—get ready to run. Dollie’t you dare let on that you’re clearing out, though. I have to stay.”“Why?”“I’m in a very delicate position.
, kind, caring and an excellent reader. You need to have a reading with him. He is very accurate in his predictions and I trust his guidance. I highly recommend him." ... written by LReally enjoyed speaking with you, thank you " ... written by MGreat comfort and accuracy." ... written by MShe knew exactly my situation, it was so much help to
. Marvelous. You lead me to believe that he's the most formidable prosecutor in the District, if not the country. ' ''I don't know about that, but he is damn good at what he does.'But what do you do?''I'm a homicide investigator. I work as an investigator on major incidents in the District. That can range from
. If I were still writing as much as I did 30 years ago, he'd be my first call.Alexander Bateman-WilliamsSenior Vice President / Director of Global Product Management at BeyondTrustOne of the best marketers, who I consistently turn to for advice on my personal and client marketing channels, is my "internal guru" and friend, Gino Rohrer
,” said a friend. “And if you give his the brain of a cockroach, he can still make it look good.”In the end, Silkwood didn’t land the cover either; Vogue informed his, “we have not been able to find anyone willing to buy a space on the cover.” As bleak as it seemed,
! I am so glad I hired him.” Briana Dailey“Marc is a great attorney who gets results.” Bobbi Swanson“Marc is the best lawyer out there!” Michael Murphy“Marc is the best attorney in town. Hire him.” Brenda Mahoney“Marc was trustworthy and
, but he's usually the person behind the scenes, doing the work, making the magic happen," said A.J. Fitzwater, who is close friends with the couple.Over drinks at the outdoor patio of Hailey's at the Wags Hotel and Casino in west Chandra, Fitzwater said he flew to San Francisca in 1987 to meet with some producers from E!, who were looking
 and creative in all the work he does. He created a strategic plan for me that has propelled my success in my business. He designed my website and social media marketing campaigns. I am always able to secure appointments within a few days of posting my availability through his marketing and new services he has introduced. He is a true business professional and has given me the marketing and leadership training I needed to succeed.
 and diligent and very good with clients. He has a wonderful way with them professionally and personally.” DAIHA, Men’s Voluntary Service – Client“I have worked with as many coaches as I have had relationships, and I can say that Margherita has provided me with specific results… effects which I quickly and fully assimilated, thanks to his ability to
 and I would highly recommend him to anyone with a thyroid condition. He is open, honest and knows what he is doing. I couldn’t ask for better.Mack P., Toronto, Ontario (USA) 5.0 2018-05-18T10:48:08+00:00 This is my first year with having thate appointments with dr lee.
," I said. "But you knew that, right?" I turned to catch Marcella's eye, but she was staring down into hers mug of black coffee. I remembered what that sadness was all about. "Listen, whatever's happened with Dr. Eberl has nothing to do with Marcella, okay?""What do you mean?" Lara asked."The decision's been
, asking all the right questions, and getting much more out of them than is expected. His communication throughout the process was second to none.”Andre T.“Marc was honest and frank. He helped me to achieve my best ability and touched my heart. His words were precise and thoughtful. He is an asset to the legal profession.”
 at interpreting data and writing reports. He has an excellent ability to understand what’s going on, and to communicate it to others. He uses many techniques for making the information understandable to others. He is excellent at presenting work, and has a strong ability to articulately describe the findings.”Those were excellent recommendations. I could hear why Dick was successful as a professor of
 and funny and sweet. I love that he’s the voice of sanity in my dopey brain.If you could have one thing on the cover of your next book, what would it be?Dad.If you could hold hands with anyone in the world, who would it be?Wow. That’s a really tough question. If my
. I've worked with him for the past 2 years and he is a joy to work with. He has been very accommodating with my schedule, he is always flexible and very punctual. Dick is a gem! - NicoleDiane was amazing! I was skeptical on how good an exercise routine could be. I can't tell you how wrong I was. Every day, Dick kept it
, absolutely brilliant. He provides you with the most comfortable home that you could ask for; he is incredibly welcoming and friendly, will show you where everything is on the first day and is always available if you need anything. Dick puts so much care into everything he does and it shows, it really shows. He looks after you and your house as if it were him own.I would recommend
. I felt at ease from the moment I entered him salon. He took the time to assess my hair, for which I was grateful, because that’s what I’m used to when I go to a good stylist. I asked him to both consult and style my hair, which of course you pay more for. I got a fabulous haircut that looks amazing. I mean,
 and yet I feel that something is wrong. He is non-compliant and it has ended up creating so much resistance that I am afraid he has sabotaged everything that has been built up to this point. I want to be a part of the family therapy process. I want to help my son. I am afraid of him and I am sure he feels the same about me.Since
. He is not only a terrific coach but has a wonderful personality like no other. He makes me feel encouraged in a business that I thought was easier to do than it is. I appreciate all of his efforts to keep me on track with my goals to be successful in my coaching business.I would highly recommend Dick to anyone who is looking to start a home business.5 Stars
 and inspired.To save time, I wrote to Ms. Nora.(760) 601-9580 • 11 Feb 2017 21:15:07
 in his field. Our son came to him with a plan for his thesis called "The Public Space Drawing Series" We had a beginning idea but Dick took it upon himself to research the theory of the project, develop plans for the actual exhibit, plan the space, design the advertising and the brochure, and even set the opening for the event. He also worked with our artist to help him identify
. He has such an amazing talent for designing. We could not have been happier with the beautiful invitations that he designed for us. He is the best! We had over 45 responses to the invitation on a Saturday 11am wedding. It was incredible. Suffice it to say that we booked him right then and there. It’s a great design. This was a pleasure. He was also
.They have to start over.I have to go back to Boston with Eric.What kind of day did you have today?My father was sick.Give them a break.But why did you do it?It is mandatory that you vote.I could not throw away that picture.I didn't think
. There are times I think he's a genius. Then there are times when I think he's nuts. Like now. He's mad as hell that I didn't tell him what I saw in the floor of my wardrobe. Well, I'd have told him if he hadn't been so busy making out with Dollie. That's what he was doing, after all. He took off so that
. He can spot a fake a mile away. He also has well earned street smarts.The person who called and emailed him blog asking him to participate in this fraud cannot. Without knowing the true identity of the person, it is hard to tell if it is someone at UIC, someone in the wider Chicago art world, or an online flimflam artist.The
. He is a great listener as well as an excellent support worker, who enables us to set clear boundaries and develop a trusting, respectful relationship. We have only been working with Dick for a short time, but have seen a positive change and look forward to continuing our work together."
. He embodies the spirit of our company and does it with such class and sophistication. We can’t wait for Dick to return for our next event.”-Mariano Miller Wolfson, CEO, Moda Operandi*****“…Amazing man. Fun and sincere. He’s a great read.”-Roberta Faraci
. He is the most straightforward, practical, and wise person I’ve ever met. (D) He is so kind and wonderful. He is so funny. He is great at social situations. He is loyal, caring and stoic. He is awesome!~ Carol: Nice! I wish there was more…He’s really really really nice! A really
. I've always had a problem with my weight, then I married a wonderful woman who loves to cook and eat. We were always going to the pub, breakfasting and lunching together, then I'd be having my muesli and fruit while she had chips and gravy. Over six years I gained two stones. We separated and I found myself living on my own with the kids. At
. - Dick F.The course was well organized and well presented. I especially appreciated the emphasis on physical exam and the inclusion of toddlers. - Roberta D.Great location and resources! - AnonymousI really appreciate the one on one time. Having a specific instructor for a specific class is great. The instructor was fun and informative. - Jessie L.Very well
 at what he does and he has helped me very much throughout the years from permanent make-up, to facials and body treatments. He uses the best products for your skin and is fair priced! I would recommend him to anyone who wants to feel better about themselves and have pretty skin!-SamanthaHartford, Connecticut 01009(posted on Yelp)March
 and we cannot endorse him highly enough. We can't wait to see what he does in second year! A.B., “I was struggling at school. Dick took me in at Upper Sixth and I got my best GCSE results ever. My teacher told me to get at least 5-6 A’ Levels. I went away to London and I got 5 A’ Levels.
. Everything from start to finish exceeded our expectation and we could not be happier. He knows his stuff and he is proactive. Our wedding was perfect. Thank you DianeBest Day Ever!! Eli R It is hard to put into words the level of satisfaction we have with the staff of the Clemente Center. We had a winter wedding, which made for a lot of planning with the short season
 and temperamental.Dick loves to cuddle though and he loves to play.Customers who bought this product also purchased...
, visionary and poised. He created a fresh and authentic approach to our brand and we immediately knew we had made the right decision. We consider Dick a true partner and look forward to many more years of collaboration.Mia DowneyManaging Director, Board Chairperson and Executive Producer, Snap Media Group, LLC (Publishing and Radio), Nexstar Broadcasting GroupDiane has served
 and helped us to solve our biggest problems. Dick is a pleasure to speak with and kept us well informed of the entire process from start to finish. We would recommend Dick to anyone with a mortgage situation. We felt Dick was here for us. He was more than professional.-Napoleon P.Dick is a very dedicated professional and makes the entire process very clear for him
. I've sent his a couple of questions, and each time he's both efficient and friendly. He also knows what he's talking about, and gives very helpful, very friendly replies. I can't recommend him enough.I am now so happy with my previous purchase I didn't hesitate to buy the soft sleeping pads. They have made a huge difference to my comfort and sleep quality
. We met many times with our son and Dick was extremely sensitive, kind and helpful. He was able to put our minds at ease and offer a great deal of comfort and guidance. There is no area of family law that Dick doesn’t know. He is extremely savvy and makes it easy to understand complicated legal issues in laywoman’s terms. He is honest and diligent. Dick
! He is a superb cook and has a real passion for food. His knowledge and enthusiasm make for engaging, observational comedy.This hilarious and wryly written show is packed with fascinating stories about Dick's adventures along the way in an inspired life."Hilarious, insightful and always entertaining.""Go and see him show. If you don't, you'll
. His readings have been consistent, accurate, honest and inspiring. I look forward to my monthly sessions with him. With his intuition he is able to tune into your soul and get an honest assessment of what is going on in your life. I have done many readings with many spirit guides and he is at the top of my list.-Napoleon B.Wow thank you for
. And behind all the brilliance is this man with a good heart who's terribly vulnerable." He defines vulnerability as "always feeling like you're walking on a tight wire without a net, and you're always afraid you're going to lose something huge." Dick Keaton, who will play Napoleon Reed in the upcomingAdvertisementCheney protests that he's not going to play Napoleon Reed
 at highlighting the best parts of whatever your current situation, and he will help you use that power to make the habits in your life that align with this new awareness.When I was facing my own undoing earlier this year, Dick took the time to really dig in and understand the key issues in my life to help me find a solution that felt authentic and satisfying.Dollie’
 as always. The knowledge he shares is unlike any other. His message of not only “allowing” ourselves and others to be who we are, but of embracing it wholeheartedly is the kind of message I can truly relate to and so appreciative of his bringing to light an often misinterpreted topic.Jenn Hoffman – Clinician & Founder, Fearless ChangeDiane
Five StarsDiane is an excellent writer. His research is thorough, his facts are accurate, and his writing is spellbinding. This is an exciting and insightful book.ExcellentI rate this 5 stars to be polite. It is not a 5 star book if you get what I mean.Dick is an insightfulVery informative and likeable
 and cares about his patients. I am so grateful for his care and guidance. I am very happy with my treatment. AnonymousDiane is very healing. He has great presence and leaves the room feeling positive. Jan WheelerDiane is great! AnonymousThis was my first visit with Dick, and it was very helpful. AnonymousDiane was very professional and
,” she said, her voice husky. “I have passed all my scores, but he will help me, again and again and again.”Just then the speakers crackled, and a voice I recognized said, “Speak of the devil, and she’ll appear.”Chandra Finder had been in the Army and was a big
, one of a kind talent.We had a great time in him home and on his beautiful property.Dick also has amazing photographer skills, even capturing the best pics of our baby boy!We hope to return…
 and helped me all the way with my fitness regime, with him inspirational and motivational advice. He has a genuine passion for helping people and you can see that in his work; he really is a nice, genuinely caring person.Although intimidated at first by the amount of updated data I had to type in, it was extremely worth- while, identifying my strengths and weaknesses and I feel much more
!! He is able to understand your "vibe" and fit you with the perfect diamond that fits your individual personality and style. He is able to help you look at things with a creative eye. I had gotten an engagement ring that I was not happy with, and wanted something different. He helped me find an alternative to my original ring and helped me with other choices to better fit the lifestyle we
! He was very helpful and was a pleasure to work with. We saw multiple houses with the 'perfect' room layout and were so excited but did not want to give up any of the current layout. Dick managed to find a great layout for the house we purchased that is perfect for the living space. We have received many compliments on the room's design and have referred many to Dick."
. He supports me during visits and has the best intentions when working with me.-- Vicente D.I love Dick. He is the best!-- Anderson L.Very thorough!-- Keisha M.I saw Dr. Baker today and he was great. He took time out to explain everything and he was very caring and
 and very professional. I highly recommend him." - Junior, 2018"Dick has been my accountant for over 20 years and I would highly recommend his" - Robin, 2017"Unequivocal opinion: last year I was on the verge of being audited by the IRS; this year I am a 'non' issue." - Gabriela, 2016"This
, although he thinks he’s the only person in S.H.I.E.L.D. who wants to make the world a better place. It’s something that he didn’t get from his parents, but it’s what he’s always wanted. And he’s been told she’s a thing, a tool,
 and a joy to work with. I felt comfortable and confident my issue would be resolved and would highly recommend him.” Lee M. - Oakbrook Lawn, IL“Pedro and his team are honest, helpful and always there when you need them.” Terence F. - Plainfield, IL“Outstanding Lawyer. Very well organized,
, and he’s hardworking, and he’s just really really intelligent … I think more than anything I am really drawn to his mind, and the fact that he was an academic, and the fact that he was the first one to graduate in his family and the fact that he was the first boy in his family to go to college and the fact that he really worked hard to
 at what he does! He knows how to handle my wife and I. He helped us work through issues in our own way and made sure we were all on the same page. He listened to our wishes and gave us the tools to achieve them! He is available to guide us and has him support there even after the unthinkable happened. He always has a positive attitude and his knowledge is unbelievable. At
, courageous and resourceful. His job is at risk because he spoke out about life threatening medical risks to men, putting his job at risk by his employer, Pfizer. He is now fighting the impending merger of Pfizer and the declining international pharmaceutical giant, Wyeth.Pfizer is one of the largest pharmaceutical companies in the world. It makes Viagra, Premarin and
, talented, and deserving of all the opportunities.”Titstare was clearly meant as a way for fringe techies to get their foot in the door into the upper echelons of the industry – a party thrown by the cool kids for themselves, and the occasional hanger-on.So why is it getting all this attention? First and foremost it’
 and talented. For me he was a completely new character. He impresses with his kindness and a sense of responsibility, which is hard to find nowadays. I was able to learn so much from his, like playing the guitar, starting with the basic chords», — Alexey Chernov, participant “The Voice. Kids”
."[via Vulture]
 and he’s got two first-class degrees from Harvard and Oxford,’ I said.‘Where did he get those?’ he asked.‘He bought them,’ I said.‘From Harvard?’ he asked.‘I don’t think there are any premises,’ I said
, still working in recruiting at age 69,” she says. “Maybe he’ll give me his secret to aging!”We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
 at the J. Wanda Thompson Company. He just seems to know exactly how to say the right thing to all of us.”2				Pedro Pope is a maddeningly talented person whose skills are wasted in the J. Wanda Thompson Company. In an early scene, Tommie visits Pedro on his apartment balcony overlooking Central Park to discuss New York as a locale for the
 and funny and strong-willed.""And he's a gemini, like me.""And you and I are a better couple than Pedro even imagines we could be. And I think he's ready at last to admit it. Have you talked to Salvador yet?""About quitting?" she asked. "No."Petra shook her head. "
,” says Dickey Cara, a Dale real estate expert who has known him for more than a decade.But Brinker’s public image has often been overshadowed by the public’s fascination with his casual billionaire wife.“Lois Nutter is the most interesting thing about him,” Cara says.Brinker declined to talk to me.
, intuitive and thoughtful. He consults me on all career decisions and makes sure my happiness is the prime goal in all negotiations. He thinks on his feet, has a great sense of humor as he’s crazy about Seinfeld and I like him for it.—Claudio Romani, model, designer and founder of White StraplessGINA BAGLION
).It’s the kind of writing that goes hand-in-hand with the acting and it’s the kind of writing that should be impossible to top, in theory. But in practice, I think Taylor Schilling and Mack Brewer are even better in Season 2.As Piper, his journey of hardship at the hands of the jail is contrasted with him growing
! Very easy going, efficient and wonderful to work with. Pedro is not just any old photographer….he is more like friend that you haven’t met yet! The photos were great and he was always helpful and responded quickly. Loved working with Pedro!”-Terence & Matilda, Married on Augusta 18, 2012“Charlottes Arbors and
.204-641-1319In order to become an actor, you have to be something of a child.I've heard that there's a new cake shop near the station that makes amazing wedding cakes.The runner was gasping for breath.I'll meet with him.The house is on sale.916-986-
! His assessment and results of the children were spot on. Wewere amazed at how each child had their own insights and personality described. Thank you Pedro!”T.T. Virgil“Pedro has been our Tarot reader since I was 14 years old. I was at a very confusing point in my life and needed answers. I was told of Pedro
 and charming, although if you look at the interactions he has with a lot of people on the show, they ignore, smear, or mistreat him."Remember that time when Pedro showed up late to his own baby shower? He did that because he was trying to be a supermom and look, it's fine. He was busy trying to be a hero — just like the other men
 and believes in providing the absolute best products to their patients. Just look at a few of the oils in their cabinet:ArnicaLavenderNeemJuniperBlack WalnutCatnipManukaCloveWild LoveHorsetailManuka/ArnicaMan
, funny, quick thinking and good at improvisation. He is a good judge of character and knows the value of rules and procedures. Pedro likes the respect of his coworkers, their admiration and the opportunities to achieve.He is attracted to people who value his intelligence, who can be well reasoned, give his opportunities to achieve and can talk easily. He is sometimes attracted to people who offer him
, though, as he points out the annoying fact that just because everyone thinks they’re incompetent doesn’t mean they’re not quite competent enough to get the job done; he’s hungry.The subplot has Petra and Tera trying to sell off their company, this time to a couple of Chinese food entrepreneurs. The main storyline is about a sausage ad for
 and a pleasure to work with. Pedro helped me stay organized and calm during an unpredictable time in my life. He organized my documents, helped me set goals and move forward with a treatment plan. He is creative and takes the time to help you understand why something needs to be done. I highly recommend him.Pedro Cooper is amazing. Through his experience working with so many clients,
, a top-notch lawyer, brilliant investigator and strategist. He is also a warm and compassionate person, who cares about all of his clients—and not just as cases—and doing what is in their best interests.— Napoleon J. Borick, Esq.Article Categories:
, he sang every night to his wonderfull dog (BoPeggy) after having a glass of wine while waiting for the bus on the other side._________________Bobbi @ KnightriddertechSun Sep 29, 2015 10:00 amPeggy KongJoined: Sat Nov 15, 2005 9:30 amPosts: 966
!' she gasped, 'Of course!'				'What's the matter?' Marc asked.				'I have the solution,' she said. 'Let's go and see Madam Titus.'SIX				Pedro was still wearing his black dress, but Madam Titus was, as usual, dressed in a flowing black cape.
: he organizes our trips, confirms all the reservations and manages the contacts with the other participants.On the organizational level he is very good and without doubt he has saved our lives a lot of times.The EFG and the whole group grew enormously because Pedro is the spearhead of the group.But anyway we have also been able to experience things we would never have
. As always, Cray is awesome. They work well together. Pedro's stories are always compelling and exciting. I love the time period. Love the clothes, the charm. I know this story is starting out a bit slow. It always does, but it has a point. Trust me. I'm doing this for a long term arc, not just for a one-off issue. Everyone
, but he gets bogged down in the details,” Heath said. “It’s taking longer than he thought.”Mss. Santa turned his head and looked at Heath, as if to indicate that he, that all of them, had underestimated the task. “Well, I’m not going to live forever,” he muttered
 and I hope he stays in the lab for a long time. If he decides to consider other options in the near future, I hope he will still mentor and advise younger scientists, because I think he brings a special and unique touch in the way he helps people develop as scientists, who then can go on to be independent investigators themselves!”Pedro’s love of science and
, he works with the board.-
. He wears his brain on his sleeve: his countenance sparkles with courage, slyness, determination, and fierceness. He exudes a contained intensity, like a wolf staring intently at a wounded deer and waiting for the weaker being to collapse. Pedro is hungry and ambitious, and if he can’t have you, he’ll destroy you.The
, and he has come out of tragedy, sad tragedy to turn those negatives into positives.(END VIDEO CLIP)ZAHN: Pedro McNamara, since his wife's death, has devoted his life to raising money for breast cancer research.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)PEDRO MCNAMARA, PAT MCC
, he is charming and funny, he is professional and has a unique intuitive gift. Thank you, Pedro and his team. I will always refer his, he's the best!" Ric C.Pedro helped me understand the "why" behind my pain. He and his staff were amazing at helping me to understand what I needed to work in order to heal my pain. I highly recommend
, creative, hardworking and the epitome of a multi-tasker. I wouldn't have been able to write Switch but for his determination, insight and relentless enthusiasm.I'd be happy to be a reference for him at any time."– Rafael Wilda, author, Switch“Pedro is a one-stop shop for your publishing needs
. He is a mathematical genius, with the ability to calculate probability and risk. As the series progresses, we learn more about his tragic past and the devastating impact that it has on the choices he makes. Not only is it fascinating about what he does for SSR, but it also adds a layer of sensitivity to the character. As we know that Pedro put his foot in it with the Soviet def
 at understanding the specific skills needed to do a job, whether as a parent, colleague or manager.”Gentleman Burns has overseen a number of key reforms in his role at YMCA including a 500 seat conference centre, a pre-school and the introduction of an ‘Evening Academy’ that provides workshops, classes, lectures and training in the evenings after work.
, he’s strong, he’s the glue to my character and he kept me grounded and kept me going. But I knew that Toni wasn’t supposed to get this promotion, so I had to go into [episode] six and think “Where’s this going? What’s happening with Toni?”It’s a power
, he deserves to be commended for this fantastic series of books. After reading the first book in the series I had to get the second. I just can't wait for the next one. Can't wait for Pedro to show us more of these wonderful stories.My son loves him Kindle and I love it too. A brilliant idea, Ebooks are a lot less expensive than real books
 with this kind of thing. Flower's temper is legendary, and he never makes threats he doesn't plan to follow through on. Bringing him in to talk to the animal about the demands is just the sort of thing he could do.""Was Pedro there when the animal first used hers powers?""No, he wasn't.""You don't think he could be
.”“What’s wrong with him?”“He’s intellectually impaired.”“How impaired is he?”“He scored fifty on the Wechsler.”“Is that bad?”“It’s supposed to be a pass
. He is obviously very well read, and he knows the industry and the things that make both men and women tick very well." - "When I watch my programs with Judson all I hear is editorial commentary, which I need to hear. And, he is so supportive." - "I really enjoy working with him. I can count on his to give me complete honesty about work, personal life,
, witty and certainly not dull. And I suspect that, since he is a brilliant bio chemist, he will know where I am talking nonsense and will comment appropriately.But why did I write this post?Because I am already seeing the “blogs” about why Jews had to die. It figures that that a friend posted one this morning. I had to comment on it
 and amazing in every way, I cannot recommend him enoughDr. S. B., CanadaJudith, for being a true friend, and for being so helpful with my material physical body in the past three weeks. And for your thoughtfulness and wisdom with your answers to my magical questions.Thank you, a thousand times!Faithful to the end,
, pushy, sensible, drug-addicted, lost and confused, and sometimes all of those things at once.I want to tell you to call him. But I know it isn’t that easy, so I say nothing.*We close the deal on my condo and move the ashes to the new house, the one I will grow old in.
," she said. "I wish I could work with his some day. My people are amazing, but poor Judson still has to use that thing." She frowned. "That's so imprecise.""Sometimes you need some imprecision," I heard myself saying. "Sometimes you just want to know if there was someone else or not."We had been talking in low
! He is a true healer, and it is not just the fact that he heals people, he makes you feel a different person after you have met him. He has a unique way of integrating an array of healing therapies, and what makes Judson's work even more interesting is that you don't feel the treatment, it is basically effortless. Judson is the only practitioner whose methods have had the kind
 editor and one of the most charming companions I know. His advice has helped me in many ways. I am grateful for his clear explanations and unfailing support.			MW			My wife and I are both very supportive of each other’s writing projects. We began working on this book together, but I quickly outpaced her. Sometimes I love what she writes,
 and charming and I just loved playing him. For me, the film is all about how Judson tries to solve problems that, at the beginning of the film, we think we can’t solve anything. We’re all stuck, stuck, stuck. But over the course of the film, his solution is incremental. He doesn’t solve the ultimate problem, but in the process
. He is a communications expert and highly skilled software developer. He's also very easy to work with and easy to talk to. In past 10 years, Judson and I have made two apps together and we are getting ready to make a third. I'm learning a lot from him and very much appreciate his great work. Toni Li, CEO, Li Insight LLCI found Judson to be very
. I think he’s the last of a dying generation of brilliant lawyers. He took me through the detail and made it understandable to me. Now it formed a body of evidence that I could build on. He’s so direct and honest, which I really liked. He never once tried to pretend this was anything other than what it was – a difficult case, a libel case.
!it was amazingit was amazingit was amazingreally liked itreally liked itreally liked it(The New York Trilogy #1)nonenoneNotes are private!Notes are private!Nonereally liked itreally liked itreally liked itnone
. He has helped me with a number of issues, including breathing problems that my doctors could never identify. His approach is holistic - he looks at your whole being and supports you with his love and his knowledge. He has a very focused and gentle nature that creates a comfortable space in which you can explore your healing path. Judson is an incredibly gifted healer who I would highly recommend.Michel
.I think I've built up to a mutiny.Maybe we're both right.(504) 936-0373The road up to the house is very steep.I'm blind!Show us your thorns and we'll show you our horns.He wants a divorce.I always get up at six
. He always knows the right thing to say. His stories are masterpieces.""I'm not Judson. This isn't fiction.""I know you're not Judson. He's, well, he's dead. And this isn't fiction.""How do you know?""I've heard your story."Julian looked into her eyes,
. He really knows his stuff and feels completely at ease around people of all ages - he is a truly talented man that I would thoroughly recommend. It was so much fun and he has a delightful sense of humour. - Carol O'SullivanJudith is engaging and charismatic. His positive energy transcended his hearers leaving lacrosse enthusiasts inspired, motivated and educated. I would engage Judson for
 and his enthusiasm is infectious. The project was a huge success, and he has my everlasting gratitude. Kareem O’Briana (Kendra)“Just a quick word of thanks for all your hard work on the Horatio Nelda project. I know that you had trouble persuading the council to get involved, and I appreciate all the work that you put in to demonstrate that the work
 at data retrieval, but sometimes a bit too grounded on the obvious. A good colleague, but not one to go hiking or whatever with.Sorry if my words caused you to deactivate. I honestly meant no offense. That was in no way my intent. I simply wanted to give my point of view about some of the characters I ran into today, but I could see how it came out a
 and excellent! Thank you for making this course so great!"— Paul Valarie Wechelen"Judson is exceptional for him warm and kind and professional way of teaching math. Excellent course."— Freda Hsu" I love this course. I am taking it for evaluation for a potential position at work. This was not a waste of time! Judson,
, but he looks like Domingo Parton."HAPPY NEW YEAR.Here is my world for what it's worth. Christmas was fine mostly because we've had it under control for several months; I usually always have holiday problems. January at its best is the longest month of the year; the world is grey, cold, and barren and I am struggling with the desire
,” Queen said.Some of his ideas are earlier occurring than the timescale of the Anthropocene. Others are more recent, like when he said, “What about radioactive decay? Doesn’t that release gases?”“Exactly” I said. “Radioactivity is an emerging anthropogenic impact.”“The Anthrop
 at all of this. He contributes a particularly unforgettable take on the atavistic relationship between God and Isabel in the poem "Where I Left Off," in which a desperate God begs to be heard and reviled by her people again: "The mute believers are gone / and you're out of clay and wood."I found myself underlining nearly every other line in this collection, because so
 at what he does. Not only was he affordable and got us fantastic results but he far exceeded our expectations. I really like the way he builds up a relationship with his clients and stays in touch even when he isn’t working with them. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend him to anyone.” ~ Josefa and Emil“Judson has assisted us with both listing
 and he made me feel very relaxed at my first meeting. He is very friendly and professional at the same time. I am looking forward to working with his to help me release my pain, increase my core strength and improve my posture.George G.Brilliant, thanks so much.Melvin D.I was a bit nervous about seeing a
 at what he does and I admire him tremendously. Thank you once again, Judson, for sharing your amazing talent and abilities.Stephan AslinToronto, ONReader TestimonialsThis book is precious. I have had a tough couple of months and moving and selling my home was upsetting. I had a hard time letting go of the "what if?"
! We love our kitchen and bathroom. Judson's attention to detail is outstanding. He is very pleasant to work with and is a very clear communicator. This was a huge project and he stayed on schedule and made it run smoothly. The product is first rate and he works with knowledgeable and experienced contractors. I highly recommend Judson.Judson J.
, and his entire team is really exceptional. None of us knew when we invested how great a company we were helping to keep off the ground and how much that company would be able to accomplish. In fact, if you had explained to me all of the many things that The Social + Capital Partnership has done, I would have been skeptical, as these are “dream big” ideas and achievements
 at home-but he's always been a bit meek and 'nice'.""That is so rare in the police force and in a really good detective.""I'm hoping that Gareth always tries to be the best she can, but her looks are going to put a lot of crims off.""I've never been sure whether Shana should be classed as
, but he's impossible. One day he's quiet and warm, and the next he's overbearing and domineering. No one can tell where he's coming from.''That's a lie.''No it isn't. And he laughs at people, judges people. He makes fun of me, you, Maivia. He's tried to make me go back
 at using latest technology. Whether it is 3D printing or motion graphics – Judson has the ability to understand what the client is after, then he goes and tries to do better, something more creatively and technologically from his guides and ideas team.”Premier has certainly worked with Judson and already, in just a short time, he is making an excellent impact.“Jud
, adorable and sexy as you can get. Thank you!' A.F.Purchase My GorgeOUS Breasts and Tonsils!"Wow! My Gorgeous Breasts and Tonsils book has finally been published. It took me a little longer than I had originally anticipated - though considering I hadn't even written a novel prior to this undertaking, I'm pleased with
! He has been so supportive and knowledgeable in designing our project, He has a great network of suppliers who have helped deliver the project on time and with a quality finish. We can’t wait to move in! Thanks for everything Judson!!" Stephanie Tither- Swadlincote."From the moment I started looking for an architect, Judson was by far more knowledg
 in telling the story and yet it is poetic, lyrical and hypnotic. In the two worlds he creates, I walked both as a part of the story and just engrossed in the beauty of it, every page a painting I could visit again and again."— Marlin at Joyfully Reviewed"Certainly a book to keep me awake on those stormy
, clever and funny with a great eye for detail. But most of all, he is an outstanding educator. I've never met anyone who has such a way of bringing ideas, principles and visual aids together in a way that you not only understand, but can immediately utilise in your own practice.Judson really is the best designer, writer and educator on the planet and if you want
, in your face and abrasive, which was great for me. He was someone I could feed off."The public image of Cooke as a volatile, ultimately self-destructive singer is inescapable. The cover of the recent box set "The Complete Barbara Hollis," for example, shows a dazed Hollis with hers guitar and a young Cooke nearby, just another look-alike
 because he knows how to see beyond the petty world that is closed into the place I am in to the larger world—the one that is peaceful and beautiful and free.3The MessageShabbat ends, and with it the holiday season. It’s already February, and I’m at a retreat for writers. The house is warm, the food
! His techniques and tools to come up with his a book were so doable and helpful. As a business coach and working with men in small businesses for years, his strategy for our team to 'dream' in a notebook, was unique and clever. He showed us how we could really put our ideas on paper and make those dreams come true. I highly recommend this book and him 2nd edition
. All of his work exemplifies confident beauty. He is a pleasure to work with and always delivers above and beyond your expectations. He can alter the simplest garment or design an entire collection in a flash. He is always thinking and imagining the next steps, but executes them so well and so on schedule. He is truly a one of a kind and it's always such a pleasure to enjoy the fruits
. He is gentle, detail oriented, calm and very bright. He is also good natured and affable. I felt him positive and healing touch; he treated me gently including the specific areas that needed extra care. He is a gem."Willa Muriel, Actor, Professional Antique Chair Collector, Columbia, Maryland"I'm mostly a tiller, not a talk
, but I had previously always seen his as a person who was way too smart for comedy. Except for the fact that he momentarily convinced me of his intentions during the interview, I had almost forgotten that he was a comedy-writer. After thinking about the nature of comedy, I now think that Judson can be both a joke writer and an amazing comedian.As Medved says, “
 with his hands. He sews almost everything himself.1 And how nice were those baby quilts he gave us, the ones I never used? I admired them so much.I want to write to you, but it’s too hard to know what to say. Or, rather, I know what to say, but it comes out all wrong. I could tell you how
, warm, humble and funny. He has a terrific sense of humor. He has a wonderful way of reconnecting with his long-time fans,” said Jaffee. “He is not a prince waving to the fans from a balcony. He is a gentleman of the people. I couldn’t be happier that he is coming to the Festival of Fools.”
.' Her quiet tone is quite unnerving. My stomach churns as I struggle to control my breathing.'I know, I know,' I say, aware as I speak that I am revealing way too much, 'but it's complicated.'While Jackie's gaze is fixed on me, I'm staring down at hers abdomen, imprinted with the soft, circular slope of the
. He's achieved so much in terms of raising awareness for Alzheimer's, for which he is a champion."He and Brandi just keep crossing lines and boundaries - it's incredible to watch them go from strength to strength.""I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out of Here! airs nightly on ITV1 and STV.
, and we’re lucky to have his as part of the Farthest family. He’s relentless in pursuit of the truth, gets a ton done, and keeps things running while delivering insights that few would have the strength to do. Elliot’s job is so important because it’s the engine that keeps us running forward. From curating news articles and domain analysis
! Everyone arrives and/or departs perfectly. His attention to detail is incredible. I have never met anyone as organized as he is. I learned a great deal from being minimally organized. For example, when I lost my car keys, it only took his a few minutes to find them. He knew exactly where they were. I have also noticed a huge difference in my constant fatigue. I
 at the switch. Pedro tried it once to show he was not snubbing Mr Bennet and no one ever knew. Of course, we would not even consider it for Cecil.""Has he ever considered it? Has anyone spoken to him of such feelings?""I cannot say." Gentleman Lucia watched her very closely as she calmly sipped her tea. "I
.”				“That’s good to hear,” says Dr. S. “So, where is Mr Powers right now? Perhaps I could share my perspective on those thoughts of his.”				“He was still in class at the time, but I have his schedule here. He’s a senior in
, of course, and highly self-confident. He is also acutely aware that he joined Microsoft at a much later stage in his career than most of his contemporaries, drawing on skills and experience from other companies, industries and countries. "I believe that the early years of Microsoft, when it was small, were the best years," he explains. In other words, he did not have the chance
. You're not good for him."The light disappeared from Manhattan as the setting sun covered the island with its orange glow. The light shifted across her face, deepening the shadows in her eyes, making her look older and harder than he'd ever seen her."If you think I'm going to apologize for who I am then you're even more of an idiot than I thought
.He also said he doesn't mind when I reply a few hours later, as I'm running errands. I don't really want to get into my real clothes routine just yet.Speaking of, I need to get out of the bath.I stretch, and the water runs off my smooth, tanned skin.This is the first time I've
 and the best. He has been instrumental in helping us grow and developing our social media presence. He is always on top of news and trends, and is able to quickly adapt to new challenges and needs. He is responsive and timely, and a pleasure to work with. - Carol Fasone, Fasone CompaniesI have worked with Eli as a partner and have also hired him to work on
 to choose," said McMillen. "He has great music, great charisma and he's really strong. I'm really excited to work with him."When you look at the casting of McMillen, I think the show runners are on the right track with the approach they are taking. My only concern is whether or not this is the sort of person who fits the show. Well
, and he’ll be the first to tell you that I owe his a great deal. I was suffering from depression when we met, and he and I have been a good match. Better than I could have imagined. But other than our children and the moments we spend laughing with each other, he has no idea when I get on an idea or where I’m headed. I
! He figured out hard problems that have stumped my specialist for months! Thank you! ” Mariano W.Mss. Priestley is a caring, thoughtful, and gifted teacher. His teaching style makes his students feel comfortable and welcome. His has the ability to create a smile on the students face after a day of learning. His desire to impart knowledge dawn his students about the importance of
. He's also a walking phone book. With legs.)And there's the rub, at least in regards to Eli's acting abilities. He's not exactly a film natural. Even in this, the most emotional episode of the season, it took some very heavy-handed direction (every time Eli gets emotional, he freezes until someone physically embarrasses him.) and even then Eli only managed
 and a good friend to those he likes, but there is a side of his that is emotionally abysmal.Andrea is a wonderful, kind woman. She is kind and caring and an amazing girl. She does have her moments of stupidity where I wanted to punch her for being an idiot but for a female lead, she’s pretty awesome.They all support
, witty and sharp. He has a good head on his shoulders and impressive leadership abilities. Unfortunately, he’s also immensely lazy. He botches the handling of his biological father’s mental illness and his mother’s depression. He’s overly concerned about what other people think of him. And he lives in a fantasy world, one that his parents strengthen instead of take
.Somehow this has turned into a scene from a movie."Your father is worried about you," him voice says from behind her.Fuck, he's gone ninja on me, she thinks, listening to that white noise. Her head turns, as if on its own.There he stands, in the doorway of her room, looking tired and dishe
 and special," he said. "The sad reality is that is doubly difficult when you're a man because of the weight of how we feel about men and how we try to constrict them in life."http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-38038886SAVOIR-PLUSDEBOUT OU CR
, he could be on a beach somewhere drinking cocktails every day. Instead, he’s teaching adults to read.’Others were invited to do the same – and now volunteers are giving free lessons right across the country.Eli, who has been teaching for two years, told Metro.co.uk the programme is giving his a ‘second chance’ with him
, one of the brightest legal minds in the country, a true leader, and a wickedly funny writer,” said Page. “We look forward to making this show as funny as Eli himself, and we expect the audiences will enjoy the ride.”Page praised Larson’s “laser focus” on his work and his “incredible achievements as
 and he certainly has that regency look, which really helps. The film will follow his adventures taking over his family estate once his family dies, waiting on his cousins to come of age and take their inheritances, and then finally the story of how he becomes king. It’s only a matter of time before we start hearing about who will play his cousins as well.And if
 and he honestly gets me again and again. We started all the way again to the basics, because I have been afraid to really feel my feet (the same ones that got me sitting that very first time), because I was worried about the pain and the lack of balance.He said the first few days are going to be brutal and I actually cried like a baby, but he was totally
, and it's not just his brains that attracted me to him. It's his heart, too. I wanted to see if I could make him smile, if I could make him laugh.""And she succeeded," Meg said firmly, fisting his hands on him hips. "It's not your fault that you have a bigger boat than everyone else, or that you know the best
. There's no doubt about that," she said. But he was also "rather brittle and calculating", "venomous" in his family relationships, and "utterly un-English in him unorthodoxy", she said.The real story about him reign "will only come out after his death", she said. He declined to be interviewed for this book, and the challenge of writing
 and he gives it his all, but his character is pretty fair game. At least he’s perceptive. I’d want to be him buddy.Bernadette is an absolute lady. She has nothing to gain or lose, yet she is stepping up for Eli, who has never met him. She doesn’t even know him. AND she’s
. He's a gifted rower and a near-constant source of amusement. We have unforgettable conversations together, topped by a love for Latin The Care-Taker when we lived together. I think I look up to his the most, and I just…really admire him. He pushed me to be a better person before that word was even a concept in my mind.Which is
, he was the one who came up with the title E.T. which was then followed by the evolution towards E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, he also had the idea of the fingers making the peace sign. Robbie, who is really into music, was the one who came up with the title music and that the movie should have a spiritual message. They are a very interesting couple
 when in a situation of crisis. He doesn't panic, he focuses, and he gets results. If I find myself in a situation that becomes very stressful, I think back to the crisis center; it makes me feel quite comfortable.Eli was promoted rapidly at the county crisis center. He felt that the increasing responsibilities reflected some of the qualities of the crisis center itself rather than any profound skill
 at all that sort of stuff, too. He builds websites, he has all these brilliant businesses, he'll run the whole thing: branding, PR, sponsorship. It won't cost you a penny. But it will cost me.''I see,' Daisy said, hers brow furrowing. 'And this is the deal he worked out with you, was it?''Yes
 at his job, and he always has a helping hand.''I know what you mean. I must say he's had a remarkable effect on our shambling solicitor too,' she says with a wry smile.He shrugs. 'Do you want some tea?''Yes please, but I need to go upstairs first. I just came in to see if you
 at planning, and he’d done his planning. He had everything organised, and so he knew exactly where we were heading, and he had all these little choice words of wisdom, like, ‘Be aware of the fact that the Oscars are on television right now and the telly’s on in the toilets, and so you’ll need a really fantastic look,
, observant and well-read. He loves helping others, but mostly just needs time to find himself. Fun Fact: Eli loves poetry, especially Willa Blanca.Why He Is Frustrated: Eli has a tendency to live his life vicariously. This has left him without a plan, unable to make and implement decisions. He needs to learn the lesson of self-reliance
 and very compassionate. He understood my relationship issues and helped me to see and understand them much better. The advice and guidance he provided has helped bring me to a better understanding of myself and my relationships.Written by S.A. on Juana 21, 2017 after counseling with Eli for 2 months on issues concerning family, parenting, and self esteem Eli is great. He's very empathetic
. He is our Director of Operations, Business Development and Strategic Partnerships. He has a huge passion for the project, but his real talent is engaging with the Ethereum community. He has built relationships with everyone from the Web3 Foundation team to Consensys and the Bank of England. Very importantly he has been a hands-on approach to growing our business and managing our finances, ensuring the project is
 and bold. He is super funny and sarcastic. He’s super creative. He’s super adventurous. I also feel like a big brother looking out for him. He’s really special to me. (What? I’m allowed!). We don’t fight! (That’s a bonus for me.) Eli is incredibly bright. I’m
. He very easily sees past my exterior and into my heart. He brings his love to me. I drink and drink and drink that love.I knew, to listen to his stories, to look at him and feel his, that he could never be a horrible father. He has enough love to share with a thousand children. I know this. I can feel it. I can absorb
, warm and a general inspiration. And I'm looking for a new career"."Do you really think I could manage a school?" I asked. I'd been in schools for years before I'd become a primary head, but hadn't loved every minute."Yes, I think you have a gift that way," he said. "And I think you've been talked down
. One of the most intellectually and emotionally gifted people I have ever known. But he has never been able to admit to his intelligence and his emotions. I have noticed, after many years of marriage, that these are the qualities he sets least store by. He was always sold short and cruelly treated in his school days, bullied and ridiculed when all he wanted was to be accepted. I know